

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ExporterIFCUtils..::..IsCurveLoopConvexWithOpenings Method   
[ExporterIFCUtils Class](e0e78d67-739c-0cd6-9e3d-359e42758c93.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Checks if the region bounded by the input curve loop can be represented as the subtraction of 0 or more convex polygons from a base convex polygon. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.IFC](b823fafb-1ba1-896b-4097-142c2817ce74.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPIIFC (in RevitAPIIFC.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2012 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public static bool IsCurveLoopConvexWithOpenings(
    	[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md) inputCurveLoop,
    	[Wall](b5891733-c602-12df-beab-da414b58d608.md) wall,
    	[IFCRange](dd18e556-a0d8-7bbb-1522-518d8a82736f.md) range,
    	out bool loopIsDegenerate
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Shared Function IsCurveLoopConvexWithOpenings ( _
    	inputCurveLoop As [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md), _
    	wall As [Wall](b5891733-c602-12df-beab-da414b58d608.md), _
    	range As [IFCRange](dd18e556-a0d8-7bbb-1522-518d8a82736f.md), _
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef loopIsDegenerate As Boolean _
    ) As Boolean  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    static bool IsCurveLoopConvexWithOpenings(
    	[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)^ inputCurveLoop, 
    	[Wall](b5891733-c602-12df-beab-da414b58d608.md)^ wall, 
    	[IFCRange](dd18e556-a0d8-7bbb-1522-518d8a82736f.md)^ range, 
    	[OutAttribute] bool% loopIsDegenerate
    )  
  
#### Parameters

inputCurveLoop
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md) The input curve loop. It is intended that this curve loop have been obtained from the elevation profile of a wall. 

wall
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Wall](b5891733-c602-12df-beab-da414b58d608.md) The wall from which the curve loop was obtained. 

range
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.IFC..::..IFCRange](dd18e556-a0d8-7bbb-1522-518d8a82736f.md) The range extents of the wall. 

loopIsDegenerate
    Type: System..::..Boolean% If the function returns false but this returns true, the loop could be obtained but was degenerate. Thus there is no extrusion that can be produced. 

#### Return Value

True if the region can be represented by a boolean combination of polygons, false otherwise. 

# Remarks

This function is intended to be used to determine if the geometry of a wall with an elevation profile can be successfully represented as a vertical extrusion with one or more openings removed. If this function is to return true, the subtracting polygons must each have at least one edge coincident with the base convex polygon. Before the check is performed, this input curve will be trimmed by the range extents of the wall, if any. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
  
# See Also

[ExporterIFCUtils Class](e0e78d67-739c-0cd6-9e3d-359e42758c93.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.IFC Namespace](b823fafb-1ba1-896b-4097-142c2817ce74.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)