

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
DirectShapeLibrary Class  
[Members](a37160c8-6f87-cdd4-e772-5ef618363edc.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
DirectShapeLibrary is used to store pre-created geometry for further referencing via the definition/instance mechanism. It is not persistent: the scope of a library object is usually a single data creation session. DirectShape::createGeometryInstance and DirectShape::CreateElementInstance will use the current DirectShapeLibrary to look up the definitions. store a collection of GNodes as definition end class DirectShapeDefinition 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class DirectShapeLibrary : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class DirectShapeLibrary _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class DirectShapeLibrary : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

There are two ways to add a definition to the library. The first is to add the definition as an array of geometry objects. A DirectShape created as an instance of that definition will hold a copy of predefined geometry, transformed as requested. If the definition was added as a DirectShapeType, a DirectShape object created as an instance of that definition will reference the type. Its geometry would be an instance of type geometry. 

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..DirectShapeLibrary

# See Also

[DirectShapeLibrary Members](a37160c8-6f87-cdd4-e772-5ef618363edc.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)