

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
Application..::..ViewExporting Event  
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Subscribe to the ViewExporting event to be notified when Revit is just about to export a view of the document. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2018 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public event EventHandler<[ViewExportingEventArgs](46171adf-d115-9796-b6f7-7d1e27d5d3b5.md)> ViewExporting  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Event ViewExporting As EventHandler(Of [ViewExportingEventArgs](46171adf-d115-9796-b6f7-7d1e27d5d3b5.md))  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
     event EventHandler<[ViewExportingEventArgs](46171adf-d115-9796-b6f7-7d1e27d5d3b5.md)^>^ ViewExporting {
    	void add (EventHandler<[ViewExportingEventArgs](46171adf-d115-9796-b6f7-7d1e27d5d3b5.md)^>^ value);
    	void remove (EventHandler<[ViewExportingEventArgs](46171adf-d115-9796-b6f7-7d1e27d5d3b5.md)^>^ value);
    }  
  
# Remarks

This event is raised when Revit is just about to export a view of the document. It is raised only during accelerated export jobs, in which views are exported in parallel using a background process. Accelerated export only occurs when exporting to DWF formats and not combining views into a single file.

Handlers of this event are permitted to make modifications to any document (including the active document), except for documents that are currently in read-only mode. 

Event is not cancellable. The 'Cancellable' property of event's argument is always False.

The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 

  * All overloads of Autodesk.Revit.DB.Document.Export()
  * Autodesk.Revit.DB.Document.Print()
  * [Print()()()()](1ea1e825-8044-7a27-d9b9-ca463443c3b9.md) and similar overloads.
  * [SubmitPrint()()()()](0c9524b7-33b5-8c76-2843-c7024f03e4d7.md) and similar overloads.
  * [Close()()()()](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.md) and similar overloads.
  * [Save()()()()](8dec13b6-71f4-45d2-74e3-b109153721b5.md) .
  * [SaveAs(String)](25c44d4a-b220-5898-b28c-a2cf6a8a8673.md) and similar overloads.



Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.

Another event [ViewExported](0a3d3bee-957a-45e0-3779-b1b924a0ce0f.md) will be raised immediately after view exporting is finished.

# See Also

[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)