

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
GeometryCreationUtilities..::..CreateSweptGeometry Method (CurveLoop, Int32, Double, IList<(Of <(<'CurveLoop>)>)>)  
[GeometryCreationUtilities Class](e829700d-48ff-0914-b288-5ceb93d8ee86.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Creates a solid by sweeping one or more closed coplanar curve loops along a path. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2012 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public static [Solid](7a3b5ac1-c66d-9f81-a11d-9bcd4e026295.md) CreateSweptGeometry(
    	[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md) sweepPath,
    	int pathAttachmentCrvIdx,
    	double pathAttachmentParam,
    	IList<[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)> profileLoops
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Shared Function CreateSweptGeometry ( _
    	sweepPath As [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md), _
    	pathAttachmentCrvIdx As Integer, _
    	pathAttachmentParam As Double, _
    	profileLoops As IList(Of [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)) _
    ) As [Solid](7a3b5ac1-c66d-9f81-a11d-9bcd4e026295.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    static [Solid](7a3b5ac1-c66d-9f81-a11d-9bcd4e026295.md)^ CreateSweptGeometry(
    	[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)^ sweepPath, 
    	int pathAttachmentCrvIdx, 
    	double pathAttachmentParam, 
    	IList<[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)^>^ profileLoops
    )  
  
#### Parameters

sweepPath
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md) The sweep path, consisting of a set of contiguous curves. The path may be open or closed, but should not otherwise have any self-intersections. The path may be planar or non-planar. 

pathAttachmentCrvIdx
    Type: System..::..Int32 The index of the curve in the sweep path where the profile loops are situated. Indexing starts at 0. Together with pathAttachmentParam, this specifies the profile's attachment point. 

pathAttachmentParam
    Type: System..::..Double Parameter of the path curve specified by pathAttachmentCrvIdx. The profile curves must lie in the plane orthogonal to the path at this attachment point. 

profileLoops
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)>)>)> The curve loops defining the planar domain to be swept along the path. No conditions are imposed on the orientations of the loops: this function will use copies of the input loops that have been oriented as necessary to conform to Revit's orientation conventions. Restrictions: 

  * The loops must lie in the plane orthogonal to the path at the attachment point as defined above. 
  * The curve loop(s) must be closed and should define a single planar domain (one outer loop and, optionally, one or more inner loops) 
  * The curve loops must be without intersections, self-intersections, or degeneracies. 
  * No loop may contain just one closed curve - split such loops into two or more curves beforehand. 



#### Return Value

The requested solid. 

# Remarks

The profile loops must lie in a plane orthogonal to the sweep path at some attachment point along the path. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | The input argument sweepPath should at least contain one curve. -or- The input argument pathAttachmentCrvIdx is not valid. The given attachment point doesn't lie in the plane of the Curve Loop. -or- The profile CurveLoops do not satisfy the input requirements. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) | Failed to create the swept solid. |
  
# See Also

[GeometryCreationUtilities Class](e829700d-48ff-0914-b288-5ceb93d8ee86.md)

[CreateSweptGeometry Overload](41db48b7-22d0-90d8-69b8-e065ce574a72.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)