

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
FailureDefinition..::..AddResolutionType Method   
[FailureDefinition Class](b0c061b0-d712-0c41-6054-b8ce8f996256.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Adds a type of possible resolution for the failure. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2011 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [FailureDefinition](b0c061b0-d712-0c41-6054-b8ce8f996256.md) AddResolutionType(
    	[FailureResolutionType](786e6422-f66d-5320-99f9-e530819e50a1.md) type,
    	string caption,
    	Type classOfResolution
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function AddResolutionType ( _
    	type As [FailureResolutionType](786e6422-f66d-5320-99f9-e530819e50a1.md), _
    	caption As String, _
    	classOfResolution As Type _
    ) As [FailureDefinition](b0c061b0-d712-0c41-6054-b8ce8f996256.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    [FailureDefinition](b0c061b0-d712-0c41-6054-b8ce8f996256.md)^ AddResolutionType(
    	[FailureResolutionType](786e6422-f66d-5320-99f9-e530819e50a1.md) type, 
    	String^ caption, 
    	Type^ classOfResolution
    )  
  
#### Parameters

type
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..FailureResolutionType](786e6422-f66d-5320-99f9-e530819e50a1.md) Type of the resolution to add. The type of resolution can be used only once for the FailureDefinition. 

caption
    Type: System..::..String A simple description of the resolution. 

classOfResolution
    Type: System..::..Type The runtime class of the resolution. Used to ensure that the actual FailureResoution object added to the instance of FailureMessage belongs to an applicable class. 

#### Return Value

The FailureDefinition. 

# Remarks

In order to inform Revit what failure resolutions can be possibly used with a given failure, a FailureDefinition must contain a full list of resolution types applicable to the failure, including user-visible caption and runtime class of the resolution. The number of resolutions is not limited. The first added resolution becomes the default resolution. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | The type has already been added as a resolution to the FailureDefinition. -or- The input classOfResolution is not a subclass of FailureResolution. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.md) | A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration |
  
# See Also

[FailureDefinition Class](b0c061b0-d712-0c41-6054-b8ce8f996256.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)