

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
Transaction..::..SetFailureHandlingOptions Method   
[Transaction Class](308ebf8d-d96d-4643-cd1d-34fffcea53fd.md) Example See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Sets options for handling failures to be used when the transaction is being committed or rolled back. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public void SetFailureHandlingOptions(
    	[FailureHandlingOptions](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.md) options
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Sub SetFailureHandlingOptions ( _
    	options As [FailureHandlingOptions](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.md) _
    )  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    void SetFailureHandlingOptions(
    	[FailureHandlingOptions](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.md)^ options
    )  
  
#### Parameters

options
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..FailureHandlingOptions](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.md) An instance of FailureHandlingOptions to be applied to the transaction 

# Remarks

Options can be set at any time before the transaction is either committed or rolled back. See [FailureHandlingOptions](c03bb2e5-f679-bf24-4e87-08b3c3a08385.md) for details about available options. Once committed or rolled back, the transaction object will reset its options to their default values. 

# Examples

CopyC#
    
    
    // All and any transaction should be enclosed in a 'using'
    // block or guarded within a try-catch-finally blocks
    // to guarantee that a transaction does not out-live its scope.
    using (Transaction transaction = new Transaction(doc))
    {
       // Before we modify a document, we must start a transaction
       transaction.Start("Creating room");
    
       // obtain the current options and add failures preprocessor to it.
       // Note: preprocessor implements IFailuresProcessor and will receive 
       // a notification about failures eventually posted during the transaction.
       FailureHandlingOptions options = transaction.GetFailureHandlingOptions();
       options.SetFailuresPreprocessor(new RoomWarningSwallower());
       transaction.SetFailureHandlingOptions(options);
    
       // Modify the document and commit the transaction.
       if (null != doc.Create.NewRoom(level, UV.Zero))
       {
          // Now, before the the transaction is committed, if there happened to 
          // be any failure, the preprocessor would receive them first and would
          // have the option to analyze them, and ignore or re-qualify them.
          transaction.Commit();
       }
       else  // could not create the room; no need to commit the transaction
       {
          transaction.RollBack();
       }
    }

CopyVB.NET
    
    
    ' All and any transaction should be enclosed in a 'using'
    ' block or guarded within a try-catch-finally blocks
    ' to guarantee that a transaction does not out-live its scope.
    Using transaction As New Transaction(doc)
        ' Before we modify a document, we must start a transaction
        transaction.Start("Creating room")
    
        ' obtain the current options and add failures preprocessor to it.
        ' Note: preprocessor implements IFailuresProcessor and will receive 
        ' a notification about failures eventually posted during the transaction.
        Dim options As FailureHandlingOptions = transaction.GetFailureHandlingOptions()
        options.SetFailuresPreprocessor(New RoomWarningSwallower())
        transaction.SetFailureHandlingOptions(options)
    
        ' Modify the document and commit the transaction.
        If doc.Create.NewRoom(level, UV.Zero) IsNot Nothing Then
            ' Now, before the the transaction is committed, if there happened to 
            ' be any failure, the preprocessor would receive them first and would
            ' have the option to analyze them, and ignore or re-qualify them.
            transaction.Commit()
        Else
            ' could not create the room; no need to commit the transaction
            transaction.RollBack()
        End If
    End Using

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
  
# See Also

[Transaction Class](308ebf8d-d96d-4643-cd1d-34fffcea53fd.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)