

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ExporterIFCUtils..::..GetLoopsFromTopBottomFace Method   
[ExporterIFCUtils Class](e0e78d67-739c-0cd6-9e3d-359e42758c93.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Gets the curve loop(s) that represent the bottom or top face of the wall, usable to create an extrusion for the wall geometry. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.IFC](b823fafb-1ba1-896b-4097-142c2817ce74.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPIIFC (in RevitAPIIFC.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2012 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public static IList<[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)> GetLoopsFromTopBottomFace(
    	[ExporterIFC](c8697b81-e080-9202-14d3-ec883f951521.md) exporterIFC,
    	[Wall](b5891733-c602-12df-beab-da414b58d608.md) wall
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Shared Function GetLoopsFromTopBottomFace ( _
    	exporterIFC As [ExporterIFC](c8697b81-e080-9202-14d3-ec883f951521.md), _
    	wall As [Wall](b5891733-c602-12df-beab-da414b58d608.md) _
    ) As IList(Of [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md))  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    static IList<[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)^>^ GetLoopsFromTopBottomFace(
    	[ExporterIFC](c8697b81-e080-9202-14d3-ec883f951521.md)^ exporterIFC, 
    	[Wall](b5891733-c602-12df-beab-da414b58d608.md)^ wall
    )  
  
#### Parameters

exporterIFC
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.IFC..::..ExporterIFC](c8697b81-e080-9202-14d3-ec883f951521.md) The exporter. 

wall
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Wall](b5891733-c602-12df-beab-da414b58d608.md) The wall. 

#### Return Value

The curve loops. If the function has failed, this collection will be empty. 

# Remarks

This function is intended to help determine if a Revit Wall can be exported as an IfcWallStandardCase. The conditions for exporting an IfcWallStandardCase require that the geometry of the wall be described as one profile curve loop extruded in the Z direction, with potential clip planes and openings applied to the base geometry. This function will use either the top or bottom face to determine the boundary curve loop. Regardless of whether the top or bottom face is used, the curve loop will be located on the plane corresponding to the base of the wall. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
  
# See Also

[ExporterIFCUtils Class](e0e78d67-739c-0cd6-9e3d-359e42758c93.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.IFC Namespace](b823fafb-1ba1-896b-4097-142c2817ce74.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)