

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
GeometryCreationUtilities..::..CreateSweptBlendGeometry Method (Curve, IList<(Of <(<'Double>)>)>, IList<(Of <(<'CurveLoop>)>)>, IList<(Of <(<'ICollection<(Of <(<'VertexPair>)>)>>)>)>, SolidOptions)  
[GeometryCreationUtilities Class](e829700d-48ff-0914-b288-5ceb93d8ee86.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Creates a solid by simultaneously sweeping and blending two or more closed planar curve loops along a single curve. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public static [Solid](7a3b5ac1-c66d-9f81-a11d-9bcd4e026295.md) CreateSweptBlendGeometry(
    	[Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md) pathCurve,
    	IList<double> pathParams,
    	IList<[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)> profileLoops,
    	IList<ICollection<[VertexPair](3f0456e9-59a6-2c68-0f0c-d2355edb9693.md)>> vertexPairs,
    	[SolidOptions](75d6caeb-62d1-d31f-47fe-618ac7cedf19.md) solidOptions
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Shared Function CreateSweptBlendGeometry ( _
    	pathCurve As [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md), _
    	pathParams As IList(Of Double), _
    	profileLoops As IList(Of [CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)), _
    	vertexPairs As IList(Of ICollection(Of [VertexPair](3f0456e9-59a6-2c68-0f0c-d2355edb9693.md))), _
    	solidOptions As [SolidOptions](75d6caeb-62d1-d31f-47fe-618ac7cedf19.md) _
    ) As [Solid](7a3b5ac1-c66d-9f81-a11d-9bcd4e026295.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    static [Solid](7a3b5ac1-c66d-9f81-a11d-9bcd4e026295.md)^ CreateSweptBlendGeometry(
    	[Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md)^ pathCurve, 
    	IList<double>^ pathParams, 
    	IList<[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)^>^ profileLoops, 
    	IList<ICollection<[VertexPair](3f0456e9-59a6-2c68-0f0c-d2355edb9693.md)^>^>^ vertexPairs, 
    	[SolidOptions](75d6caeb-62d1-d31f-47fe-618ac7cedf19.md)^ solidOptions
    )  
  
#### Parameters

pathCurve
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md) The sweep path, consisting of a single bounded, open curve. 

pathParams
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'Double>)>)> An increasing sequence of parameters along the path curve (lying within the curve's bounds). These parameters specify the locations of the planes orthogonal to the path that contain the profile loops. This array must have the same size as the input array "profileLoops". 

profileLoops
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'[CurveLoop](84824924-cb89-9e20-de6e-3461f429dfd6.md)>)>)> Closed, planar curve loops arrayed along the path. No loop may contain just one closed curve - split such loops into two or more curves beforehand. The solid will have these profiles as cross-sections at the points specified by the input pathParams. The solid will blend smoothly between the profiles. This array must have the same size as the input array "pathParams", and each profile loop must lie in the plane orthogonal to the path at the point specified by the corresponding entry in the input array "pathParams". Each profile loop must define a single planar domain and must be free of intersections and degeneracies. No orientation conditions on the loops are imposed. 

vertexPairs
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'ICollection<(Of <(<'[VertexPair](3f0456e9-59a6-2c68-0f0c-d2355edb9693.md)>)>)>>)>)> This input specifies how adjacent profile loops should be connected. It must contain one less element than the "profileLoops" input, and entry vertexPairs[idx] specifies how profileLoops[idx] and profileLoops[idx+1] should be connected (indexing starts at 0). 

solidOptions
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..SolidOptions](75d6caeb-62d1-d31f-47fe-618ac7cedf19.md) The optional information to control the properties of the Solid. 

#### Return Value

The requested solid. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | The input pathCurve is a helical curve and is not supported for this operation. -or- The input argument pathCurve should be bounded. The input argument pathCurve should be non-degenerate. -or- The input argument pathParams should be an increasing array. -or- The profile CurveLoops do not satisfy the input requirements. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
  
# See Also

[GeometryCreationUtilities Class](e829700d-48ff-0914-b288-5ceb93d8ee86.md)

[CreateSweptBlendGeometry Overload](6374de2d-88b7-1add-2845-7186183972a3.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)