

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
IExportContext..::..Start Method   
[IExportContext Interface](7d0dc6df-db0e-6a07-3b42-8dde1bedb3c1.md) Example See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
This method is called at the very start of the export process, still before the first entity of the model was send out. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    bool Start()  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Function Start As Boolean  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    bool Start()  
  
#### Return Value

Return True if you are ready to proceed with processing the export. 

# Examples

CopyC#
    
    
    // A context would typically maintain a variable for the document being exported
    private Document m_document = null;
    
    // Some contexts may find it useful to have a flag indicating
    // whether or not the process should be canceled (see Is
    private bool m_cancelled = false;
    
    // Typically, an export context has to manage a stack of transformation
    // for all nested objects, such as instances, lights, links, etc.
    private Stack<Transform> m_TransformationStack = new Stack<Transform>();
    
    /// <summary>
    /// Assuming that instance variables gets initiated in the context's constructor
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="document"></param>
    public MyExportContext(Document document)
    {
       m_document = document;
       m_TransformationStack.Push(Transform.Identity);
    }
    
    /// <summary>
    /// This method is the starting point of the export process.
    /// </summary>
    /// <remarks>
    /// The method is called only once and is typically used to prepare
    /// the context object, e.g. crate or open the output files,
    /// or establish a connection to an on-line renderer, etc.
    /// </remarks>
    /// <returns>
    /// Return true if the export process it good to start.
    /// </returns>
    public bool Start()
    {
       return true;
    }
    
    /// <summary>
    /// This method establishes the final point of the export process.
    /// </summary>
    /// <remarks>
    /// Resources (such as files, pipes, threads, etc.) used by the context
    /// should be properly released/closed inside this method.
    /// </remarks>
    public void Finish()
    {
    }
    
    /// <summary>
    /// This method is invoked many times during the export process.
    /// </summary>
    /// <remarks>
    /// Depending on internal condition of the context, it can be decided
    /// whether the export is to be immediately canceled or not.
    /// </remarks>
    public bool IsCanceled()
    {
       return m_cancelled;
    }

CopyVB.NET
    
    
    ' A context would typically maintain a variable for the document being exported
    Private m_document As Document = Nothing
    
    ' Some contexts may find it useful to have a flag indicating
    ' whether or not the process should be canceled (see Is
    Private m_cancelled As Boolean = False
    
    ' Typically, an export context has to manage a stack of transformation
    ' for all nested objects, such as instances, lights, links, etc.
    Private m_TransformationStack As New Stack(Of Transform)()
    
    ' <summary>
    ' Assuming that instance variables gets initiated in the context's constructor
    ' </summary>
    ' <param name="document"></param>
    Public Sub New(document As Document)
        m_document = document
        m_TransformationStack.Push(Transform.Identity)
    End Sub
    
    ' <summary>
    ' This method is the starting point of the export process.
    ' </summary>
    ' <remarks>
    ' The method is called only once and is typically used to prepare
    ' the context object, e.g. crate or open the output files,
    ' or establish a connection to an on-line renderer, etc.
    ' </remarks>
    ' <returns>
    ' Return true if the export process it good to start.
    ' </returns>
    Public Function Start() As Boolean Implements IExportContext.Start
        Return True
    End Function
    
    ' <summary>
    ' This method establishes the final point of the export process.
    ' </summary>
    ' <remarks>
    ' Resources (such as files, pipes, threads, etc.) used by the context
    ' should be properly released/closed inside this method.
    ' </remarks>
    Public Sub Finish() Implements IExportContext.Finish
    End Sub
    
    ' <summary>
    ' This method is invoked many times during the export process.
    ' </summary>
    ' <remarks>
    ' Depending on internal condition of the context, it can be decided
    ' whether the export is to be immediately canceled or not.
    ' </remarks>
    Public Function IsCanceled() As Boolean Implements IExportContext.IsCanceled
        Return m_cancelled
    End Function

# See Also

[IExportContext Interface](7d0dc6df-db0e-6a07-3b42-8dde1bedb3c1.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)