

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ExternalServiceRegistry..::..ExecuteService Method (Guid, Guid, IExternalData)  
[ExternalServiceRegistry Class](fa14442f-3d47-2c21-467c-6d19e4cc0d9e.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Execute the service by the given server. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2013 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public static [ExternalServiceResult](63c83d88-92c7-5283-8b39-efb0baeedcd8.md) ExecuteService(
    	Guid executionKey,
    	Guid serverId,
    	[IExternalData](d4f0854f-3b67-c60e-1696-8cffbaba065a.md) data
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Shared Function ExecuteService ( _
    	executionKey As Guid, _
    	serverId As Guid, _
    	data As [IExternalData](d4f0854f-3b67-c60e-1696-8cffbaba065a.md) _
    ) As [ExternalServiceResult](63c83d88-92c7-5283-8b39-efb0baeedcd8.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    static [ExternalServiceResult](63c83d88-92c7-5283-8b39-efb0baeedcd8.md) ExecuteService(
    	Guid executionKey, 
    	Guid serverId, 
    	[IExternalData](d4f0854f-3b67-c60e-1696-8cffbaba065a.md)^ data
    )  
  
#### Parameters

executionKey
    Type: System..::..Guid Access key of the service to be executed. The key is not the same as the service's Id. It is the value that was returned to the caller who registered the service. 

serverId
    Type: System..::..Guid the specific server to execute 

data
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService..::..IExternalData](d4f0854f-3b67-c60e-1696-8cffbaba065a.md) The associated data. The type must be of the class defined by the service. 

#### Return Value

The result of executing the external service. 

# Remarks

Execution of a service should be invoked only by the application that registered the service. The execution will use the given server. 

The serverId must be of a valid server that is currently registered for the service, ArgumentException be thrown if it is not available. 

Because this method executes an explicitly specified server regardless of what other servers are currently active, it can only be invoked for a service that is not set as being recordable. 

Plese also note that this method does not have any effect on active servers currently set for the service. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
  
# See Also

[ExternalServiceRegistry Class](fa14442f-3d47-2c21-467c-6d19e4cc0d9e.md)

[ExecuteService Overload](441ae935-fa59-aa1e-23ba-57e334974c7f.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)