

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ControlledApplication..::..DocumentClosing Event  
[ControlledApplication Class](35859972-2407-3910-cb07-bbb337e307e6.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Subscribe to the DocumentClosing event to be notified when Revit is just about to close a document. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2010 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public event EventHandler<[DocumentClosingEventArgs](939d187e-051c-6a8a-0bb9-6c030b0911a4.md)> DocumentClosing  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Event DocumentClosing As EventHandler(Of [DocumentClosingEventArgs](939d187e-051c-6a8a-0bb9-6c030b0911a4.md))  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
     event EventHandler<[DocumentClosingEventArgs](939d187e-051c-6a8a-0bb9-6c030b0911a4.md)^>^ DocumentClosing {
    	void add (EventHandler<[DocumentClosingEventArgs](939d187e-051c-6a8a-0bb9-6c030b0911a4.md)^>^ value);
    	void remove (EventHandler<[DocumentClosingEventArgs](939d187e-051c-6a8a-0bb9-6c030b0911a4.md)^>^ value);
    }  
  
# Remarks

This event is raised when Revit is just about to close a document.

This event is cancellable, except when it is raised as part of application closing. Check the 'Cancellable' property of event's argument to see whether it is cancellable or not. When it is cancellable, call the 'Cancel()' method of event's argument to True to cancel it. Your application is responsible for providing feedback to the user about the reason for the cancellation.

The document may not be modified during this event.

The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 

  * [Close()()()()](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.md) and similar overloads.



Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.

An [DocumentClosed](d6c0ea53-175c-75b5-4e0e-9b3d5ba92f06.md) event will be raised immediately after document is closed.

# See Also

[ControlledApplication Class](35859972-2407-3910-cb07-bbb337e307e6.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)