

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
UIDocument..::..PromptToPlaceViewOnSheet Method   
[UIDocument Class](295b48c8-0571-ad5c-eead-baea84a6787c.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Prompts the user to place a specified view onto a sheet. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public void PromptToPlaceViewOnSheet(
    	[View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md) view,
    	bool allowReplaceExistingSheetViewport
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Sub PromptToPlaceViewOnSheet ( _
    	view As [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md), _
    	allowReplaceExistingSheetViewport As Boolean _
    )  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    void PromptToPlaceViewOnSheet(
    	[View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md)^ view, 
    	bool allowReplaceExistingSheetViewport
    )  
  
#### Parameters

view
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md) The view to insert onto a sheet. 

allowReplaceExistingSheetViewport
    Type: System..::..Boolean A indicator which allows the user to replace the existing viewport. 

If true, the viewport representing this view will be replaced by the new viewport created during placement. If the view is allowed only to be on one sheet, this will remove the viewport from the old sheet. If the view is allowed to be on multiple sheets, and the view is currently placed on the active sheet, the old viewport on this sheet will be replaced. 

If false, if the view is only allowed to be on one sheet, or if the view is allowed to be on multiple sheets but is already on the active sheet, an exception will be thrown. 

# Remarks

This method opens its own transaction, so it's not permitted to be invoked in an active transaction. In a single invocation, the user can place only one view onto the active sheet. 

The user is not permitted to change the active sheet view or the view to be placed during this placement operation (the operation will be cancelled). 

The user can cancel the placement operation by pressing Cancel or ESC or a click elsewhere in the UI. 

This method can't be used to place a schedule on a sheet. Use [ScheduleSheetInstance](68db8e46-90de-6b54-3dae-598957d94201.md) Create() to add schedules to sheets. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | This view is a view template. -or- view is a schedule. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) | This document is not the currently active one. -or- Starting a new transaction is not permitted. It could be because another transaction already started and has not been completed yet, or the document is in a state in which it cannot start a new transaction. -or- The active view isn't a sheet where a view can be placed. -or- The view can't be placed on the sheet. For schedule views use ScheduleSheetInstance::Create() to place them on sheets. -or- Thrown when replacing an existing viewport isn't allowed. See allowReplaceExistingSheetViewport parameter documentation for details. |
  
# See Also

[UIDocument Class](295b48c8-0571-ad5c-eead-baea84a6787c.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)