

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
Subelement..::..GetBoundingBox Method   
[Subelement Class](2d15bb45-70af-5f84-e899-322742591251.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Retrieves a box that circumscribes all geometry of the subelement. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2018 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [BoundingBoxXYZ](3c452286-57b1-40e2-2795-c90bff1fcec2.md) GetBoundingBox(
    	[View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md) dbView
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function GetBoundingBox ( _
    	dbView As [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md) _
    ) As [BoundingBoxXYZ](3c452286-57b1-40e2-2795-c90bff1fcec2.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    [BoundingBoxXYZ](3c452286-57b1-40e2-2795-c90bff1fcec2.md)^ GetBoundingBox(
    	[View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md)^ dbView
    )  
  
#### Parameters

dbView
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md) The view for view-specific geometry or nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) for model geometry. 

#### Return Value

The bounding box. 

# Remarks

Pass in a view to query view-specific (e.g., cut) geometry or nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) for model geometry. If the view box is not known or cannot be calculated, this will return the model box; if the model box is not known, this will return nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic). The box will always be aligned to the default axes of the model coordinate system (thus no rotation should be applied to the return value). Also note that this bounding box volume may enclose geometry that is not obvious. For example, the "flip controls" that could be part of a family will be included in the computation of the bounding box even though they are not always visible in the family instance of the family. 

# See Also

[Subelement Class](2d15bb45-70af-5f84-e899-322742591251.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)