

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
Application..::..DocumentSavingAs Event  
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.md) Example See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Subscribe to the DocumentSavingAs event to be notified when Revit is just about to save the document with a new file name. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2010 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public event EventHandler<[DocumentSavingAsEventArgs](1bb9bb9f-be64-3c6f-804b-66fe6a2b0562.md)> DocumentSavingAs  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Event DocumentSavingAs As EventHandler(Of [DocumentSavingAsEventArgs](1bb9bb9f-be64-3c6f-804b-66fe6a2b0562.md))  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
     event EventHandler<[DocumentSavingAsEventArgs](1bb9bb9f-be64-3c6f-804b-66fe6a2b0562.md)^>^ DocumentSavingAs {
    	void add (EventHandler<[DocumentSavingAsEventArgs](1bb9bb9f-be64-3c6f-804b-66fe6a2b0562.md)^>^ value);
    	void remove (EventHandler<[DocumentSavingAsEventArgs](1bb9bb9f-be64-3c6f-804b-66fe6a2b0562.md)^>^ value);
    }  
  
# Remarks

This event is raised when Revit is just about to save the document with a new file name. Note that the first save of a newly created document will raise DocumentSavingAs rather than [DocumentSaving](af9cc434-2934-d407-8ecf-960fc95ac569.md) event. 

Handlers of this event are permitted to make modifications to any document (including the active document), except for documents that are currently in read-only mode. 

This event is cancellable, except when it is raised during close of the application. Check the 'Cancellable' property of event's argument to see whether it is cancellable or not. When it is cancellable, call the 'Cancel()' method of event's argument to cancel it. Your application is responsible for providing feedback to the user about the reason for the cancellation.

The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 

  * [Close()()()()](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.md) and similar overloads.
  * [Save()()()()](8dec13b6-71f4-45d2-74e3-b109153721b5.md) .
  * [SaveAs(String)](25c44d4a-b220-5898-b28c-a2cf6a8a8673.md) and similar overloads.



Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.

Another event [DocumentSavedAs](6d3e2981-dfe0-fd33-9bd0-57e04815c4fd.md) will be raised immediately after the document has been saved with a new file name.

# Examples

CopyC#
    
    
    public class DocumentSavingAs : IExternalApplication
    {
        /// <ExampleMethod>
        /// <summary>
        /// This method subscribes to DocumentSavingAs event.
        /// </summary>
        public Result OnStartup(UIControlledApplication application)
        {
           application.ControlledApplication.DocumentSavingAs += new EventHandler<DocumentSavingAsEventArgs>(CheckProjectStatusInitial);
            return Result.Succeeded;
        }
    
        /// <summary>
        /// Implement OnShutdown method of IExternalApplication interface to unregister subscribed event
        /// </summary>
        public Result OnShutdown(UIControlledApplication application)
        {
            // unregister subscribed event
           application.ControlledApplication.DocumentSavingAs -= new EventHandler<DocumentSavingAsEventArgs>(CheckProjectStatusInitial);
            return Result.Succeeded;
        }
    
        /// <summary>
        /// Event handler method for DocumentSavingAs event. This method will check the "Project Status" value, 
        /// if it is null or empty string cancel the save as process.
        /// </summary>
        /// <param name="sender">The source of the event.</param>
        /// <param name="args">Event arguments that contains the event data.</param>
        private void CheckProjectStatusInitial(Object sender, DocumentSavingAsEventArgs args)
        {
            Document doc = args.Document;
            ProjectInfo proInfo = doc.ProjectInformation;
    
            // Project information is only available for project document.
            if (null != proInfo)
            {
                if (string.IsNullOrEmpty(proInfo.Status))
                {
                    // cancel the save as process.
                    args.Cancel();
                    TaskDialog.Show("Revit","Status project parameter is not set.  Save is aborted.");
                }
            }
        }
        /// </ExampleMethod>
    }

CopyVB.NET
    
    
    Public Class DocumentSavingAs
        Implements IExternalApplication
        ' <ExampleMethod>
        ' <summary>
        ' This method subscribes to DocumentSavingAs event.
        ' </summary>
        Public Function OnStartup(application As UIControlledApplication) As Autodesk.Revit.UI.Result Implements IExternalApplication.OnStartup
            AddHandler application.ControlledApplication.DocumentSavingAs, AddressOf CheckProjectStatusInitial
            Return Result.Succeeded
        End Function
    
        ' <summary>
        ' Implement OnShutdown method of IExternalApplication interface to unregister subscribed event
        ' </summary>
        Public Function OnShutdown(application As UIControlledApplication) As Autodesk.Revit.UI.Result Implements IExternalApplication.OnShutdown
            ' unregister subscribed event
            RemoveHandler application.ControlledApplication.DocumentSavingAs, AddressOf CheckProjectStatusInitial
            Return Result.Succeeded
        End Function
    
        ' <summary>
        ' Event handler method for DocumentSavingAs event. This method will check the "Project Status" value, 
        ' if it is null or empty string cancel the save as process.
        ' </summary>
        ' <param name="sender">The source of the event.</param>
        ' <param name="args">Event arguments that contains the event data.</param>
        Private Sub CheckProjectStatusInitial(sender As [Object], args As DocumentSavingAsEventArgs)
            Dim doc As Document = args.Document
            Dim proInfo As ProjectInfo = doc.ProjectInformation
    
            ' Project information is only available for project document.
            If proInfo IsNot Nothing Then
                If String.IsNullOrEmpty(proInfo.Status) Then
                    ' cancel the save as process.
                    args.Cancel()
                    TaskDialog.Show("Revit", "Status project parameter is not set.  Save is aborted.")
                End If
            End If
        End Sub
        ' </ExampleMethod>
    End Class

# See Also

[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)