

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
DatumPlane Class  
[Members](1f49a2d1-5fe9-386a-3ad5-a92c268adfe6.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
A base class representing a datum surface (level, grid or reference plane) in Autodesk Revit. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2016 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class DatumPlane : [Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md)  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class DatumPlane _
    	Inherits [Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class DatumPlane : public [Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md)  
  
# Remarks

A DatumPlane represents a 3d surface with finite extents. It can be either a rectangle with arbitrary orientation, or a cylinder whose axis is parallel to the project z-axis. If a datum is visible in a plan or section view, it will be displayed as one or more curves. These curves are determined by the intersection of the datum surface with the cut plane of the view. By default, the extents of these curves reflect the 3d extents of the datum surface. If the surface is a plane, then the extents represent the projection of the surface onto the cut plane. This matters, for example, when viewing a datum plane, really a 3d rectangle, along one of its diagonals. The extents of the curve do not vary with the location of the view, because we use the projection of the rectangle and not the actual intersection. If the surface is a cylinder, then the extents reflect the actual intersection of the surface with the cut plane. In addition, the curves that represent a DatumPlane can be modified on a view specific basis. In this case, the ends of the curve no longer reflect the 3d extents of the datum. 

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md) Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..DatumPlane [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Grid](47888507-2d69-664a-ead4-e481c7c5f42d.md) [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Level](577e5d4e-a558-118c-9dea-3b810b061775.md) [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ReferencePlane](e7003ec7-1dbe-50a2-fb3d-a83a5a3b5b9f.md)

# See Also

[DatumPlane Members](1f49a2d1-5fe9-386a-3ad5-a92c268adfe6.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)