

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
CADLinkType..::..LoadFrom Method (String)  
[CADLinkType Class](593779f4-d044-ba36-1888-969743ce782a.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Loads or reloads the DWG link from the given file path. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2018 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [LinkLoadResult](f846bfb0-b047-9332-567f-75ae880d8359.md) LoadFrom(
    	string path
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function LoadFrom ( _
    	path As String _
    ) As [LinkLoadResult](f846bfb0-b047-9332-567f-75ae880d8359.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    [LinkLoadResult](f846bfb0-b047-9332-567f-75ae880d8359.md)^ LoadFrom(
    	String^ path
    )  
  
#### Parameters

path
    Type: System..::..String A path on disk giving the location of the linked file. This path must be absolute. The link's path will remain PathType.Absolute or PathType.Relative, whichever it was before. If the link was previously to an external server location, the path type will be relative. 

#### Return Value

An object containing the ElementId of the link and an enum value indicating any errors which occurred while trying to load. 

# Remarks

If the link is currently loaded, any changes made in-memory to the link's shared coordinates will be discarded.

Graphic overrides will be preserved on reload.

If the original view used to bring in this link has been deleted, Revit will cancel the load.

If there is already another link, not current link itself, using the given file path, the loading will not happen. The element id of the link using the file path will be contained in the LinkLoadResult.

If the link type identified by the given path doesn't match DWG, the load will not proceed.

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.md) | The given path does not exist. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) | This CADLinkType represents an import and cannot be used as a link. -or- The element "this CADLinkType" is in a read-only document. -or- The link does not represent a DWG. |
  
# See Also

[CADLinkType Class](593779f4-d044-ba36-1888-969743ce782a.md)

[LoadFrom Overload](8959c47f-0e21-814c-a0e9-fae080c62ea1.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)