

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ScheduleDefinition Class  
[Members](435e0f04-6cb4-c0f7-3ce7-61a6ad3cd7e6.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Settings that define the contents of a schedule. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2013 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class ScheduleDefinition : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class ScheduleDefinition _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class ScheduleDefinition : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

The ScheduleDefinition class contains various settings that define the contents of a schedule view, including:

  * The schedule's category and other basic properties that determine the type of schedule.
  * A set of fields that become the columns of the schedule.
  * Filters that restrict the set of elements visible in the schedule.
  * Sorting and grouping criteria.



Most schedules contain a single ScheduleDefinition. In Revit MEP, schedules of certain categories can contain an "embedded schedule" containing elements associated with the elements in the primary schedule, for example a room schedule showing the elements inside each room or a duct system schedule showing the elements associated with each system. An embedded schedule has its own category, fields, filters, etc. Those settings are stored in a second ScheduleDefinition object.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ScheduleDefinition

# See Also

[ScheduleDefinition Members](435e0f04-6cb4-c0f7-3ce7-61a6ad3cd7e6.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)