

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
RevisionCloud Class  
[Members](17ea7caf-6857-ef7b-7611-9e6cf9cd2708.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
A RevisionCloud is a graphical "cloud" that can be displayed on a view or sheet to indicate where revisions in the model have occurred. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class RevisionCloud : [Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md)  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class RevisionCloud _
    	Inherits [Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class RevisionCloud : public [Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md)  
  
# Remarks

RevisionClouds are view specific and can be created in most graphical views, except 3D. Unlike most Elements, RevisionClouds may be added directly to a ViewSheet. Each RevisionCloud is associated with one Revision. 

When a RevisionCloud is visible on a ViewSheet (either because it is directly placed on that ViewSheet or because it is visible in a View placed on the ViewSheet), any revision schedules displayed on the ViewSheet will automatically include the Revision associated with the RevisionCloud.

Note also that when a RevisionCloud is created in a ViewLegend, it is treated as a legend representation of what a RevisionCloud looks like rather than as an actual indication of a change to the model. As a result, RevisionClouds in ViewLegends will not affect the contents of revision schedules.

RevisionClouds are created from a collection of sketched curves. Each curve will have a series of "cloud bumps" drawn along it to form the appearance of a cloud. There is no requirement that the curves form closed loops.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md) Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..RevisionCloud

# See Also

[RevisionCloud Members](17ea7caf-6857-ef7b-7611-9e6cf9cd2708.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)