

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
Element..::..LookupParameter Method   
[Element Class](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Attempts to find a parameter on the element which has the given name.

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [Parameter](333ff41b-e6a7-d959-60bf-c3bfae495581.md) LookupParameter(
    	string name
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function LookupParameter ( _
    	name As String _
    ) As [Parameter](333ff41b-e6a7-d959-60bf-c3bfae495581.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    [Parameter](333ff41b-e6a7-d959-60bf-c3bfae495581.md)^ LookupParameter(
    	String^ name
    )  
  
#### Parameters

name
    Type: System..::..StringThe name of the parameter to be retrieved.

#### Return Value

The matching parameter. This return may be nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) if there is no matching parameter. If there are multiple matching parameters the first one found is returned.

# Remarks

This method will attempt to find a parameter on this Element whose name matches the input. The possible results include: 

  * A single matching parameter is found: it will be returned.
  * No matching parameter is found: nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) is returned.
  * Multiple matching parameters exist. In this situation the first one encountered will be returned. This match is determined at random and may change in the future.



Multiple matches of parameters with the same name can occur because shared parameters or project parameters can be bound to an element category even if there is a built-in parameter with the same name already. 

If this method is used to find built-in parameters the code will not be portable to other languages of Revit (because built-in parameter names are translated, and this method matches the translation).

For the reasons above this method should be used sparingly and only when you have a reasonable expectation that only one parameter exists with the given name, and when portability across multiple languages is not a requirement.

Safer approaches include:

  * [GetParameters(String)](0cf342ef-c64f-b0b7-cbec-da8f3428a7dc.md) to get all the matches with the given name.
  * get_Parameter(Guid) to get a shared parameter by stored guid.
  * get_Parameter(BuiltInParameter) to find a built-in parameter in a language-independent way.



# See Also

[Element Class](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)