# GetLinkLoadResult Method

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
LinkLoadResult..::..GetLinkLoadResult Method   
[LinkLoadResult Class](f846bfb0-b047-9332-567f-75ae880d8359.md "LinkLoadResult Class") See Also  
---  
Searches this LinkLoadResult and all nested LinkLoadResults for the load operation results of a specified ExternalResourceReference. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public LinkLoadResult GetLinkLoadResult(
	ExternalResourceReference matchExtResRef
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Function GetLinkLoadResult ( _
	matchExtResRef As ExternalResourceReference _
) As LinkLoadResult
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
LinkLoadResult^ GetLinkLoadResult(
	ExternalResourceReference^ matchExtResRef
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
matchExtResRef
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ExternalResourceReference](ffad9c15-8fc9-fbfd-f328-101533f4cf74.md "ExternalResourceReference Class") An ExternalResourceReference whose LinkLoadResults are contained in this object. 
# ### Return Value
A LinkLoadResult object with the load results for the specified ExternalResourceReference. 
# Remarks
In the case where there are multiple matches, then the LinkLoadResult closest to the top-level link will be returned. For example, if you are searching for C, starting with a top-level link, A, which links B and C, while B also links C directly, then the load results for C as a direct sub-link of A will be returned. It is expected that the LinkLoadResults for all instances of C in the nested load result tree will be the same. However, if you need to inspect each individual result, the LinkLoadResult class does provide methods to navigate the tree.
NULL is returned if a match for the ExternalResourceReference cannot be found.
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md "ArgumentNullException Class") | A non-optional argument was null |

# See Also
[LinkLoadResult Class](f846bfb0-b047-9332-567f-75ae880d8359.md "LinkLoadResult Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)