

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
Face..::..Project Method   
[Face Class](e32b3b1f-66fc-57cb-6e1c-aa81d1bf3e63.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Projects the specified point on the face.

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [IntersectionResult](0b6f0c2e-e3a2-3e27-fa52-0f4f9f2ca6f0.md) Project(
    	[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md) point
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function Project ( _
    	point As [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md) _
    ) As [IntersectionResult](0b6f0c2e-e3a2-3e27-fa52-0f4f9f2ca6f0.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    [IntersectionResult](0b6f0c2e-e3a2-3e27-fa52-0f4f9f2ca6f0.md)^ Project(
    	[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)^ point
    )  
  
#### Parameters

point
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)The point to be projected.

#### Return Value

Geometric information if projection is successful; if projection fails or the nearest point is outside of this face, returns nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic).

# Remarks

The following is the meaning of IntersectionResult's members: 

  * XYZPoint is the nearest point to the projected point on the face.
  * UVPoint is the UV coordinates of the nearest point on the face.
  * Distance is the distance from the point to the face.
  * EdgeObject is the edge if projected point is near an edge.
  * EdgeParameter is the parameter of the nearest point on the edge.



# See Also

[Face Class](e32b3b1f-66fc-57cb-6e1c-aa81d1bf3e63.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)