

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
RebarShape..::..Create Method (Document, RebarShapeDefinition, RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition, RebarStyle, StirrupTieAttachmentType, Int32, RebarHookOrientation, Int32, RebarHookOrientation, Int32, Double, Double, ElementId, ElementId)  
[RebarShape Class](0a370e32-eaba-785e-7e1f-9330929525fc.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Create a new instance of a Rebar Shape, which defines the shape of a rebar. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2021 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public static [RebarShape](0a370e32-eaba-785e-7e1f-9330929525fc.md) Create(
    	[Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md) doc,
    	[RebarShapeDefinition](bb1f59be-c95e-a45b-8d2b-8121df179676.md) definition,
    	[RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition](47a3135c-ce53-c041-f551-0795767eaa41.md) multiplanarDefinition,
    	[RebarStyle](a9ac65a6-29e6-25e5-caca-502e21385f47.md) style,
    	[StirrupTieAttachmentType](01887c64-36b1-1f7f-5ff9-1fb3ba4f3023.md) attachmentType,
    	int startHookAngle,
    	[RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.md) startHookOrientation,
    	int endHookAngle,
    	[RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.md) endHookOrientation,
    	int higherEnd,
    	double hookRotationAngleAtStart,
    	double hookRotationAngleAtEnd,
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart,
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( _
    	doc As [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md), _
    	definition As [RebarShapeDefinition](bb1f59be-c95e-a45b-8d2b-8121df179676.md), _
    	multiplanarDefinition As [RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition](47a3135c-ce53-c041-f551-0795767eaa41.md), _
    	style As [RebarStyle](a9ac65a6-29e6-25e5-caca-502e21385f47.md), _
    	attachmentType As [StirrupTieAttachmentType](01887c64-36b1-1f7f-5ff9-1fb3ba4f3023.md), _
    	startHookAngle As Integer, _
    	startHookOrientation As [RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.md), _
    	endHookAngle As Integer, _
    	endHookOrientation As [RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.md), _
    	higherEnd As Integer, _
    	hookRotationAngleAtStart As Double, _
    	hookRotationAngleAtEnd As Double, _
    	endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart As [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md), _
    	endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd As [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) _
    ) As [RebarShape](0a370e32-eaba-785e-7e1f-9330929525fc.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    static [RebarShape](0a370e32-eaba-785e-7e1f-9330929525fc.md)^ Create(
    	[Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md)^ doc, 
    	[RebarShapeDefinition](bb1f59be-c95e-a45b-8d2b-8121df179676.md)^ definition, 
    	[RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition](47a3135c-ce53-c041-f551-0795767eaa41.md)^ multiplanarDefinition, 
    	[RebarStyle](a9ac65a6-29e6-25e5-caca-502e21385f47.md) style, 
    	[StirrupTieAttachmentType](01887c64-36b1-1f7f-5ff9-1fb3ba4f3023.md) attachmentType, 
    	int startHookAngle, 
    	[RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.md) startHookOrientation, 
    	int endHookAngle, 
    	[RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.md) endHookOrientation, 
    	int higherEnd, 
    	double hookRotationAngleAtStart, 
    	double hookRotationAngleAtEnd, 
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md)^ endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart, 
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md)^ endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd
    )  
  
#### Parameters

doc
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md) A document to contain the RebarShape. 

definition
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..RebarShapeDefinition](bb1f59be-c95e-a45b-8d2b-8121df179676.md) The definition of the rebar shape, as a set of curves in a plane driven by parameters. 

multiplanarDefinition
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition](47a3135c-ce53-c041-f551-0795767eaa41.md) If not nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic), the created RebarShape will be a 3D shape. The shape is built out of the planar RebarShapeDefinition, with additional out-of-plane segments defined by the RebarShapeMultiplanarDefinition object. Not supported in conjunction with RebarShapeDefinitionByArc of type Spiral or LappedCircle. 

style
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..RebarStyle](a9ac65a6-29e6-25e5-caca-502e21385f47.md) Whether the shape is to be used as a standard bar or a stirrup/tie. 

attachmentType
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..StirrupTieAttachmentType](01887c64-36b1-1f7f-5ff9-1fb3ba4f3023.md) When the style is stirrup/tie, specify whether it will attach to the interior of cover (cover is measured to the stirrups), or to the exterior of cover (cover is measured to the standard bars). Ignored when the style is Standard. 

startHookAngle
    Type: System..::..Int32 The start hook angle, expressed as an integral number of degrees. If 0, the shape will have no start hook. Common values are 0, 90, 135, and 180. 

startHookOrientation
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.md) The orientation of the start hook. Ignored when startHookAngle is 0. 

endHookAngle
    Type: System..::..Int32 The end hook angle, expressed as an integral number of degrees. If 0, the shape will have no end hook. Common values are 0, 90, 135, and 180. 

endHookOrientation
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..RebarHookOrientation](e8365754-0811-8d4e-864a-55bf34af3a87.md) The orientation of the end hook. Ignored when endHookAngle is 0. 

higherEnd
    Type: System..::..Int32 When the rebar crosses itself, one end will be "lifted" to avoid self-intersection. Specify which end should be lifted: 0 for start, 1 for end. 

hookRotationAngleAtStart
    Type: System..::..Double The out of plane hook rotation angle at the start of the bar. 

hookRotationAngleAtEnd
    Type: System..::..Double The out of plane hook rotation angle at the end of the bar. 

endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) The end treatment type id at the start of the bar. 

endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) The end treatment type id at the end of the bar. 

#### Return Value

A new RebarShape instance. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | definition is linked to a Document other than doc. -or- A multiplanar definition is specified when the given RebarShapeDefinition does not support it. The following RebarShapeDefinitions do not support multiplanar: a simple line; spiral; lapped circle. -or- The DepthParamId property of multiplanarDefinition is invalid or has not been added to definition. -or- the parameter endTreatmentTypeIdAtStart is not an EndTreatmentType element. -or- the parameter endTreatmentTypeIdAtEnd is not an EndTreatmentType element. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.md) | startHookAngle must be at least 0 and no more than 180. -or- endHookAngle must be at least 0 and no more than 180. -or- higherEnd must be 0 or 1. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration |
  
# See Also

[RebarShape Class](0a370e32-eaba-785e-7e1f-9330929525fc.md)

[Create Overload](dd926f0a-458d-d64d-1c85-07f3d2c68baa.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)