

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
Curve..::..Intersect Method (Curve, IntersectionResultArray%)  
[Curve Class](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Calculates the intersection of this curve with the specified curve and returns the intersection results.

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [SetComparisonResult](3310a68d-b67a-79cb-ea54-deb00d9f60d9.md) Intersect(
    	[Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md) curve,
    	out [IntersectionResultArray](4742c1e8-0566-73c6-de42-04d98a503dfc.md) resultArray
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function Intersect ( _
    	curve As [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md), _
    	<OutAttribute> ByRef resultArray As [IntersectionResultArray](4742c1e8-0566-73c6-de42-04d98a503dfc.md) _
    ) As [SetComparisonResult](3310a68d-b67a-79cb-ea54-deb00d9f60d9.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    [SetComparisonResult](3310a68d-b67a-79cb-ea54-deb00d9f60d9.md) Intersect(
    	[Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md)^ curve, 
    	[OutAttribute] [IntersectionResultArray](4742c1e8-0566-73c6-de42-04d98a503dfc.md)^% resultArray
    )  
  
#### Parameters

curve
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md)The specified curve to intersect with this curve.

resultArray
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..IntersectionResultArray](4742c1e8-0566-73c6-de42-04d98a503dfc.md)%Provides more information about the intersection.

#### Return Value

  * SetComparisonResult.Overlap - One or more intersections were encountered. The output argument has the details.
  * SetComparisonResult.Subset - The inputs are parallel lines with only one common intersection point, or the curve used to invoke the intersection check is a line entirely within the unbound line passed as argument curve. If the former, the output argument has the details of the intersection point.
  * SetComparisonResult.Superset - The input curve is entirely within the unbound line used to invoke the intersection check.
  * SetComparisonResult.Disjoint - There is no intersection found between the two curves.
  * SetComparisonResult.Equal - The two curves are identical.



# Remarks

The array of the intersection results contains one entry for each point where curves intersect. The following is the meaning of IntersectionResult members: 

  * XYZPoint is the evaluated intersection point
  * UVPoint.U is the unnormalized parameter on this curve (use ComputeNormalizedParameter to compute the normalized value).
  * UVPoint.V is the unnormalized parameter on the specified curve (use ComputeNormalizedParameter to compute the normalized value).



# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | Thrown when the specified curve is nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic). |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) | Thrown when failed to calculate the intersection. |
  
# See Also

[Curve Class](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md)

[Intersect Overload](570fb842-cac3-83f5-1ab9-621e55186ead.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)