

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ScheduleSortGroupField Class  
[Members](f23f87e2-e743-cc55-3344-702725d47a28.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
A field that is used for sorting and/or grouping in a schedule. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2013 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class ScheduleSortGroupField : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class ScheduleSortGroupField _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class ScheduleSortGroupField : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

A schedule may be sorted or grouped by one or more of the schedule's fields. The ScheduleSortGroupField class represents one of the fields that the schedule is sorted or grouped by.

Sorting and grouping are related operations. In either case, elements appearing in the schedule are sorted based on their values for the field that the schedule is sorted/grouped by, which automatically causes elements with identical values to be grouped together. By enabling extra header, footer, or blank rows, visual separation between groups can be achieved.

If ScheduleDefinition.IsItemized is false, elements having the same values for all of the fields used for sorting/grouping will be combined onto the same row.

A schedule can be sorted or grouped by data that is not displayed in the schedule by marking the field used for sorting/grouping as hidden using the ScheduleField.IsHidden property.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ScheduleSortGroupField

# See Also

[ScheduleSortGroupField Members](f23f87e2-e743-cc55-3344-702725d47a28.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)