# TriangulatedSolidOrShell Class

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
TriangulatedSolidOrShell Class  
[Members](7a7bb7d2-f442-ecef-5517-c16ea67d9fbe.md "TriangulatedSolidOrShell Members") See Also  
---  
This class represents a triangulated solid or shell. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2013 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class TriangulatedSolidOrShell : IDisposable
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class TriangulatedSolidOrShell _
	Implements IDisposable
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class TriangulatedSolidOrShell : IDisposable
```
  
# Remarks
The triangulation consists of a number of TriangulatedShellComponents. For a solid, there will be one TriangulatedShellComponent for each component of the solid's boundary. For example, a solid cube has just one boundary component (containing six faces), so there will be just one TriangulatedShellComponent. A solid consisting of two disjoint cubes has two boundary components (the boundaries of the two cubes), so there will be two TriangulatedShellComponents. A solid consisting of a sphere with a round void (or hole) inside it also has two boundary components (the outer sphere and the inner sphere), so there will be two TriangulatedShellComponents. 
For a shell, there will be one TriangulatedShellComponent for each component of the shell. 
Note that this class does not contain information on the containment structure of the boundary components of a solid. 
Be careful not to confuse the components of a solid with the solid's boundary components. This class deals only with the boundary components. 
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..TriangulatedSolidOrShell
# See Also
[TriangulatedSolidOrShell Members](7a7bb7d2-f442-ecef-5517-c16ea67d9fbe.md "TriangulatedSolidOrShell Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)