

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ItemFactoryBase..::..NewFamilyInstance Method (XYZ, FamilySymbol, Level, StructuralType)  
[ItemFactoryBase Class](cba2c84a-22c0-e6e7-a99c-67656901853a.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Inserts a new instance of a family into the document, using a location, type/symbol, and the level.

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.Creation](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [FamilyInstance](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.md) NewFamilyInstance(
    	[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md) location,
    	[FamilySymbol](a1acaed0-6a62-4c1d-94f5-4e27ce0923d3.md) symbol,
    	[Level](577e5d4e-a558-118c-9dea-3b810b061775.md) level,
    	[StructuralType](0a0a3793-5fce-283d-4953-a137f5593db9.md) structuralType
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function NewFamilyInstance ( _
    	location As [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md), _
    	symbol As [FamilySymbol](a1acaed0-6a62-4c1d-94f5-4e27ce0923d3.md), _
    	level As [Level](577e5d4e-a558-118c-9dea-3b810b061775.md), _
    	structuralType As [StructuralType](0a0a3793-5fce-283d-4953-a137f5593db9.md) _
    ) As [FamilyInstance](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    [FamilyInstance](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.md)^ NewFamilyInstance(
    	[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)^ location, 
    	[FamilySymbol](a1acaed0-6a62-4c1d-94f5-4e27ce0923d3.md)^ symbol, 
    	[Level](577e5d4e-a558-118c-9dea-3b810b061775.md)^ level, 
    	[StructuralType](0a0a3793-5fce-283d-4953-a137f5593db9.md) structuralType
    )  
  
#### Parameters

location
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)The physical location where the instance is to be placed.

symbol
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..FamilySymbol](a1acaed0-6a62-4c1d-94f5-4e27ce0923d3.md)A FamilySymbol object that represents the type of the instance that is to be inserted.

level
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Level](577e5d4e-a558-118c-9dea-3b810b061775.md)The level onto which the FamilyInstance is to be placed.

structuralType
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..StructuralType](0a0a3793-5fce-283d-4953-a137f5593db9.md) If structural then specify the type of the component. 

#### Return Value

If creation was successful then an instance to the new object is returned, otherwise nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic).

# Remarks

This method is used to place a family instance onto a level. If the instance fails to be created an exception may be thrown. 

The type/symbol that is used must be loaded into the document before this method is called. Families and their symbols can be loaded using the Document.LoadFamily or Document.LoadFamilySymbol methods. 

Some Families, such as Beams, have more than one endpoint and are inserted in the same manner as single point instances. Once inserted these linear family instances can have their endpoints changed by using the instance's Element.Location property.

Note: ForbiddenForDynamicUpdateException might be thrown during a dynamic update if the inserted instance establishes a mutual dependency with another structure.

Note: if the created family instance includes nested instances, the API framework will automatically regenerate the document during this method call.

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | Thrown if the family symbol does not exist in the given document. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | Thrown if the level does not exist in the given document. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | Thrown if The symbol is not active. |
  
# See Also

[ItemFactoryBase Class](cba2c84a-22c0-e6e7-a99c-67656901853a.md)

[NewFamilyInstance Overload](451ee414-cea0-e9bd-227b-c73bc93507dd.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.Creation Namespace](ded320da-058a-4edd-0418-0582389559a7.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)