

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
SchemaBuilder..::..AddSimpleField Method   
[SchemaBuilder Class](e74f9357-cc3c-558e-73b8-38ce6d247869.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Creates a field containing a single value in the Schema, with given name and type. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExtensibleStorage](79486a74-376c-9555-c873-45d5a750f051.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2012 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [FieldBuilder](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.md) AddSimpleField(
    	string fieldName,
    	Type fieldType
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function AddSimpleField ( _
    	fieldName As String, _
    	fieldType As Type _
    ) As [FieldBuilder](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    [FieldBuilder](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.md)^ AddSimpleField(
    	String^ fieldName, 
    	Type^ fieldType
    )  
  
#### Parameters

fieldName
    Type: System..::..String The name of the new field. 

fieldType
    Type: System..::..Type The type of the new field. 

#### Return Value

The FieldBuilder object may be used to add more details to the field. Make sure to set the unit type if the field contains floating-point values. 

# Remarks

The supported types are Boolean, Byte, Int16, Int32, Int64, Float, Double, ElementId, GUID, String, XYZ, UV and Entity.

Note that data of type ElementId is not copied to new elements that are created via copy/paste or a linear or radial array.

Note that a schema may contain a maximum of 256 fields.

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | The parameter fieldName is not acceptable for naming Extensible Storage objects. -or- The field type is not supported. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) | The SchemaBuilder has already finished building the Schema. |
  
# See Also

[SchemaBuilder Class](e74f9357-cc3c-558e-73b8-38ce6d247869.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExtensibleStorage Namespace](79486a74-376c-9555-c873-45d5a750f051.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)