

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
Element..::..GetMaterialIds Method   
[Element Class](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Gets the element ids of all materials present in the element. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public ICollection<[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md)> GetMaterialIds(
    	bool returnPaintMaterials
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function GetMaterialIds ( _
    	returnPaintMaterials As Boolean _
    ) As ICollection(Of [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md))  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    ICollection<[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md)^>^ GetMaterialIds(
    	bool returnPaintMaterials
    )  
  
#### Parameters

returnPaintMaterials
    Type: System..::..Boolean If true, this returns material ids assigned to element faces by the Paint tools. If false, this returns ids associated to the material through its geometry or compound structure layers. 

#### Return Value

The set of material ids. 

# Remarks

The returned collection of materials will be empty in any of the following situations: 

  * The returnPaintMaterials flag is false, and the Category.HasMaterialQuantities property of the element's Category is false.
  * The returnPaintMaterials flag is true, and the the element does not have any painted faces.

Any material ids returned by this method can be used in GetMaterialArea() to get the calculated area associated to the material. Non-paint materials ids returned by this method can be used in GetMaterialVolume() to get the volume associated to the material. 

# See Also

[Element Class](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)