# PerformCodeChecking Method

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
ICodeCheckingParameterServer..::..PerformCodeChecking Method   
[ICodeCheckingParameterServer Interface](baf73c3d-86c4-7325-2e44-ff12511ae325.md "ICodeCheckingParameterServer Interface") See Also  
---  
The server's method that will be called when Revit User clicks the Code Checking parameter's button from the properties palette. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
bool PerformCodeChecking(
	CodeCheckingParameterServiceData data
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Function PerformCodeChecking ( _
	data As CodeCheckingParameterServiceData _
) As Boolean
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
bool PerformCodeChecking(
	CodeCheckingParameterServiceData^ data
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
data
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..CodeCheckingParameterServiceData](ea7b503e-39d4-6c0c-1504-7c888cb29fe5.md "CodeCheckingParameterServiceData Class") The Code Checking data. 
# ### Return Value
Indicates whether the code checking parameter server is executed successfully. 
# Remarks
The server provides UI way for Revit user to view and modify the detail data corresponding with the parameter value. The server may also modify the code checking parameter value itself during the execution. The method should always return 'true' if the server is successfully executed, no matter whether the server changes anything. Return 'false' or if the server throws, indicates a failed case, all changes made by the server will be discarded. A typical way to use the external server can be: 
  * Implement a server class that derives from this interface 
  * Create a new server object and register it with the service, see ExternalServiceRegistry.
  * Assign server to code checking instance.

# See Also
[ICodeCheckingParameterServer Interface](baf73c3d-86c4-7325-2e44-ff12511ae325.md "ICodeCheckingParameterServer Interface")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)