

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
IExternalService..::..OnServersDisparity Method   
[IExternalService Interface](37fe86a0-0668-5908-9966-dfac0e0c1fe3.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Implements this method to get notified that the servers in a just opened document differ from those currently set as active for the service. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2013 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    [DisparityResponse](29ab805b-5976-912d-3166-ef04d78d612f.md) OnServersDisparity(
    	[Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md) document,
    	IList<Guid> oldServers
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Function OnServersDisparity ( _
    	document As [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md), _
    	oldServers As IList(Of Guid) _
    ) As [DisparityResponse](29ab805b-5976-912d-3166-ef04d78d612f.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    [DisparityResponse](29ab805b-5976-912d-3166-ef04d78d612f.md) OnServersDisparity(
    	[Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md)^ document, 
    	IList<Guid>^ oldServers
    )  
  
#### Parameters

document
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md) The coresponding document 

oldServers
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'Guid>)>)> Ids of servers previously used in the document. Please note that the Ids may belong to servers that are currently not registered with the service. 

#### Return Value

Return DoNothing if the situation has been completely handled by your service; If not, reply with either ApplyDefaults (typical case) or LetUserDecide. 

# Remarks

This method may only be invoked in a recordable service. Services registered as non-recordable never receive this call. 

This notification is sent when Revit opens a document which has a record of the service used (executed at least once) and the record shows that the server (or servers) used differ from those currently set as active for the service. 

Unless the situation is explicitly handled in this call (by returning DoNothing), the framework will follow up by assigning the formerly used servers as the currently active servers of that document. After it will notify the service about the change by invoking the OnServersChanged method on the services interface. 

# See Also

[IExternalService Interface](37fe86a0-0668-5908-9966-dfac0e0c1fe3.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)