

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
FormatOptions Class  
[Members](4b317c87-727e-b8e9-3f0b-2b5479090fb7.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Options for formatting numbers with units. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class FormatOptions : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class FormatOptions _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class FormatOptions : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

The FormatOptions class contains settings that control how to format numbers with units as strings. It contains those settings that are typically chosen by an end user in the Format dialog and stored in the document.

The FormatOptions class is used in two different ways. A FormatOptions object in the [Units](89d89465-897f-4105-b935-27edf67aab3e.md) class represents the default settings for the document. A FormatOptions object used elsewhere represents settings that may optionally override the default settings.

The [UseDefault](e817be98-c824-0c22-bf5f-d293e67c8985.md) property controls whether a FormatOptions object represents default or custom formatting. If UseDefault is true, formatting will be according to the default settings in the Units class, and none of the other settings in the object are meaningful. If UseDefault is false, the object contains custom settings that override the default settings in the Units class. UseDefault is always false for FormatOptions objects in the Units class.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..FormatOptions

# See Also

[FormatOptions Members](4b317c87-727e-b8e9-3f0b-2b5479090fb7.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)