

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
Document..::..DocumentPrinting Event  
[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Subscribe to the DocumentPrinting event to be notified when Revit is just about to print a view or ViewSet of the document. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2010 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public event EventHandler<[DocumentPrintingEventArgs](cae91da6-7e05-e47c-5957-15330428c303.md)> DocumentPrinting  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Event DocumentPrinting As EventHandler(Of [DocumentPrintingEventArgs](cae91da6-7e05-e47c-5957-15330428c303.md))  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
     event EventHandler<[DocumentPrintingEventArgs](cae91da6-7e05-e47c-5957-15330428c303.md)^>^ DocumentPrinting {
    	void add (EventHandler<[DocumentPrintingEventArgs](cae91da6-7e05-e47c-5957-15330428c303.md)^>^ value);
    	void remove (EventHandler<[DocumentPrintingEventArgs](cae91da6-7e05-e47c-5957-15330428c303.md)^>^ value);
    }  
  
# Remarks

This event is raised when Revit is just about to print a view or ViewSet of the document.

Handlers of this event are permitted to make modifications to any document (including the active document), except for documents that are currently in read-only mode. 

Event is cancellable. To cancel it, call the 'Cancel()' method of event's argument to True. Your application is responsible for providing feedback to the user about the reason for the cancellation.

The following API functions are not available for current document during this event: 

  * All overloads of Autodesk.Revit.DB.Document.Export()
  * Autodesk::Revit::DB::Document::Print
  * [Print()()()()](1ea1e825-8044-7a27-d9b9-ca463443c3b9.md) and similar overloads.
  * [SubmitPrint()()()()](0c9524b7-33b5-8c76-2843-c7024f03e4d7.md) and similar overloads.
  * [Close()()()()](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.md) and similar overloads.
  * [Save()()()()](8dec13b6-71f4-45d2-74e3-b109153721b5.md) .
  * [SaveAs(String)](25c44d4a-b220-5898-b28c-a2cf6a8a8673.md) and similar overloads.



Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.

After this event, for each view being printed,[ViewPrinting](941de0b6-a0f9-eb5a-5f25-9aa4d9da699a.md) and [ViewPrinted](ace39293-a976-d22b-4798-42bb8e82b307.md) events will be raised. Another event [DocumentPrinted](8d74cf02-9271-3c6c-00f5-bc7b48d52c56.md) will be raised immediately after document printing is finished.

# See Also

[Document Class](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)