

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
View..::..CanApplyColorFillScheme Method   
[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Checks if the id can be applied as the scheme id of specified category to this view. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2022 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public bool CanApplyColorFillScheme(
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) categoryId,
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) schemeId
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function CanApplyColorFillScheme ( _
    	categoryId As [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md), _
    	schemeId As [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) _
    ) As Boolean  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    bool CanApplyColorFillScheme(
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md)^ categoryId, 
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md)^ schemeId
    )  
  
#### Parameters

categoryId
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) The id of category. 

schemeId
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) The id of color fill scheme. 

#### Return Value

True if the id can be applied as the scheme id of specified category in this view, false otherwise. 

# Remarks

The input scheme id could be InvalidElementId to clear the scheme for the specified category.

Some examples of returnning false:

  * The id is not a color fill scheme id.
  * The specified category is not supported by this view.
  * The category of scheme is not the same as the specified category.
  * The view is area plan but the scheme category is not OST_Areas, or their [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::AreaScheme] are not the same.
  * Etc.



# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
  
# See Also

[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)