

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
FormattedText Class  
[Members](e74cf1df-845b-fcd2-01d3-005054467c53.md) Example See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
FormattedText is used to create, edit and format text in a [TextNote](ecc1ce1c-d754-96d0-35db-ca2d1d84c57c.md) or to query the text and format properties of a [TextNode](9a06448a-1c82-7fd7-8be7-9113dc1ce86a.md)

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2017 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class FormattedText : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class FormattedText _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class FormattedText : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

An instance of FormattedText can be obtained from a [TextNote](ecc1ce1c-d754-96d0-35db-ca2d1d84c57c.md) (See **TextNote.GetFormattedText()**) or from a [TextNode](9a06448a-1c82-7fd7-8be7-9113dc1ce86a.md) (See **TextNode.GetFormattedText()**) 

It is also possible to create a new instance of FormattedText and assign it to a [TextNote](ecc1ce1c-d754-96d0-35db-ca2d1d84c57c.md) (See **TextNote.SetFormattedText()**) This will result in a [TextNote](ecc1ce1c-d754-96d0-35db-ca2d1d84c57c.md) with text with the specified formatting applied 

Formatted text can be used to: 

  * Create formatted text for a new [TextNote](ecc1ce1c-d754-96d0-35db-ca2d1d84c57c.md)
  * Edit, Find and Replace text in an existing [TextNote](ecc1ce1c-d754-96d0-35db-ca2d1d84c57c.md)
  * Modify formatting of text in an existing [TextNote](ecc1ce1c-d754-96d0-35db-ca2d1d84c57c.md)
  * Or query the text and formatting a [TextNote](ecc1ce1c-d754-96d0-35db-ca2d1d84c57c.md) or a [TextNode](9a06448a-1c82-7fd7-8be7-9113dc1ce86a.md)



Formatted text can be populated with plain text by using its constructor [FormattedText(String)](86332d2f-1939-4985-f428-24ee8b19072e.md) that takes a string, or by using the [SetPlainText(String)](b2efd1c2-7e1f-2def-f72b-a22066a8b415.md) method. 

In addition, selected ranges of text can be added, removed, or replaced with the [SetPlainText(TextRange, String)](ef85472c-c691-77f8-5823-33da6ea43832.md) method by specifying a [TextRange](8a00baaf-8cb8-d9f0-e0a0-eaa5aa16e55e.md). 

Use the [Find(String, Int32, Boolean, Boolean)](79034f02-9ca0-ebe5-8d16-112d674dbdb4.md) method to find the location of existing text. 

Formatted text can have up to 30,000 characters. All characters, except the linefeed character ('\n'), are allowed. This means that you should not use the 'Environment.NewLine' property, since that includes a linefeed character. Use the carriage return character ('\r') to terminate a paragraph. And use a vertical tab character ('\v') to create a new line without terminating the paragraph. 

Formatted text allows for individual characters to be formatted. The following formatting can be applied. 

  * Bold 
  * Italic 
  * Underline 
  * Superscript/Subscript 
  * All Caps 

Use [SetBoldStatus(TextRange, Boolean)](fd0eab6d-0808-63ff-3cb0-a014f2adbbd7.md)) , [SetItalicStatus(TextRange, Boolean)](310407e6-1244-24cb-c033-e9620068e62e.md)) , [SetUnderlineStatus(TextRange, Boolean)](d5f9ca3c-4631-ad4a-5a40-b7103611e254.md)) , [SetSuperscriptStatus(TextRange, Boolean)](357540c0-f99c-94da-f3f3-585308c6543f.md)) , [SetSubscriptStatus(TextRange, Boolean)](bc2efdbe-7706-0e4d-82ce-39ab7d039c7c.md)) , or [SetAllCapsStatus(TextRange, Boolean)](03a3a6c3-9195-25a1-abaa-641f00cbc930.md)) to set the character formatting on a range of text. 

Use [GetBoldStatus(TextRange)](654707e3-5575-a8a5-8eaf-e83425f5c50d.md)) , [GetItalicStatus(TextRange)](a4df0e88-31d5-4e75-fb17-d68ad22bf89d.md)) , [GetUnderlineStatus(TextRange)](0ece8fda-443b-7247-9b1c-4eb493850344.md)) , [GetSuperscriptStatus(TextRange)](3ad2a7db-b1c9-ba0e-661e-bb4117e3a538.md)) , [GetSubscriptStatus(TextRange)](50803bb1-2ba6-63c5-0ddf-a0bf0f40c58c.md)) , or [GetAllCapsStatus(TextRange)](0e9f9439-eb01-6844-992a-2128ffddedef.md)) to get the character formatting of a range of text. 

Text can be broken up in paragraphs. Paragraphs are terminated by a carriage return character ('\r'). 

Each paragraph can be indented several levels deep. For each additional level the indentation increments by one tab size. The total indentation is the product of a tab size and the indent level. Use [SetIndentLevel(TextRange, Int32)](a2e6561d-da40-b701-967f-aadbe6b153f5.md) to set the level of indenting up to a maximum indent level that can be obtained from [GetMaximumIndentLevel()()()()](3f77a7ca-54e8-28b5-e1e6-cee57afd13e6.md) Use [GetIndentLevel(TextRange)](2bb008be-f3b5-f0cd-bc1b-6879101ef84a.md) to find the indent level of a given range of text. 

Note that the tab size is determined by the object that will contain the FormattedText. 

In the case of a [TextNote](ecc1ce1c-d754-96d0-35db-ca2d1d84c57c.md) the tab size is a property of the [TextNoteType](2991b6af-daf6-463d-3796-8b83fdbd344f.md) returned from **TextNote.TextNoteType**. The tab size can be found by calling the [Parameter[([( Guid])]) ](2e852bc4-46c6-5598-cc45-0eaf38cf8973.md) with [TEXT_TAB_SIZE](fb011c91-be7e-f737-28c7-3f1e1917a0e0.md) on the [TextNoteType](2991b6af-daf6-463d-3796-8b83fdbd344f.md) obtained from the [TextNote](ecc1ce1c-d754-96d0-35db-ca2d1d84c57c.md)

In the case of a [TextNode](9a06448a-1c82-7fd7-8be7-9113dc1ce86a.md) the tab size can be obtained from its **TabSize** property 

Formatted text can also be used to create numbered or bulleted paragraphs with the [SetListType(TextRange, ListType)](c0bb9933-9825-a28a-a09c-8b319f089b36.md) method. 

The following [ListType](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.md) options are available: 

  * [Bullet](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.md)
  * [ArabicNumbers](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.md)
  * [LowerCaseLetters](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.md)
  * [UpperCaseLetters](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.md)

Paragraphs with a [ListType](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.md) other than [None](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.md) are considered to be 'list' paragraphs. Consecutive list paragraphs with the same indentation level are treated as part of the same list. A list ends when a list paragraph is followed by 

  * a paragraph that has [None](7163554f-3446-22eb-afa4-5490d5df29c8.md)
  * or a list paragraph that has a lower indentation level, i.e. is indented less. (See [GetIndentLevel(TextRange)](2bb008be-f3b5-f0cd-bc1b-6879101ef84a.md))

Note that a list will continue uninterrupted after list paragraphs that have higher indentation level. These paragraphs form a 'sub-list' of the list they interrupt. Sub-lists can have their own sub-sub-lists. The nesting level is only limited by the maximum indent level. Using [SetIndentLevel(TextRange, Int32)](a2e6561d-da40-b701-967f-aadbe6b153f5.md) it is therefore possible to create multi-level lists. 

FormattedText will keep lists consistent. That means that list paragraphs will automatically get sequential numbers or letters. It also means that if the list type of one of the paragraphs in a list is changed then that change is propagated to all the paragraphs in that list. Note that this will not affect the list type of any nested sub-lists. 

Use a vertical tab character ('\v') to insert a line without a bullet or number. Since this does not end the paragraph this will allow the list to continue to the next paragraph. 

# Examples

CopyC#
    
    
    public void FormatText(TextNote textNote)
    {
        // TextNote created with "New sample text"
        FormattedText formatText = textNote.GetFormattedText();
    
        // italicize "New"
        TextRange range = new TextRange(0, 3);
        formatText.SetItalicStatus(range, true);
    
        // make "sample" bold
        range = formatText.Find("sample", 0, false, true);
        if (range.Length > 0)
            formatText.SetBoldStatus(range, true);
    
        // make "text" underlined
        range = formatText.Find("text", 0, false, true);
        if (range.Length > 0)
            formatText.SetUnderlineStatus(range, true);
    
        // make all text uppercase
        formatText.SetAllCapsStatus(true);
    
        textNote.SetFormattedText(formatText);
    }

CopyVB.NET
    
    
    Public Sub FormatText(textNote As TextNote)
        ' TextNote created with "New sample text"
        Dim formatText__1 As FormattedText = textNote.GetFormattedText()
    
        ' italicize "New"
        Dim range As New TextRange(0, 3)
        formatText__1.SetItalicStatus(range, True)
    
        ' make "sample" bold
        range = formatText__1.Find("sample", 0, False, True)
        If range.Length > 0 Then
            formatText__1.SetBoldStatus(range, True)
        End If
    
        ' make "text" underlined
        range = formatText__1.Find("text", 0, False, True)
        If range.Length > 0 Then
            formatText__1.SetUnderlineStatus(range, True)
        End If
    
        ' make all text uppercase
        formatText__1.SetAllCapsStatus(True)
    
        textNote.SetFormattedText(formatText__1)
    End Sub

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..FormattedText

# See Also

[FormattedText Members](e74cf1df-845b-fcd2-01d3-005054467c53.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)