

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
Rebar..::..GetCenterlineCurves Method   
[Rebar Class](70fd7426-f4a4-591c-8c06-3c18dda45e7d.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
A chain of curves representing the centerline of the rebar. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2017 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public IList<[Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md)> GetCenterlineCurves(
    	bool adjustForSelfIntersection,
    	bool suppressHooks,
    	bool suppressBendRadius,
    	[MultiplanarOption](37cc5a15-0771-41dd-4456-6820c7cef725.md) multiplanarOption,
    	int barPositionIndex
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function GetCenterlineCurves ( _
    	adjustForSelfIntersection As Boolean, _
    	suppressHooks As Boolean, _
    	suppressBendRadius As Boolean, _
    	multiplanarOption As [MultiplanarOption](37cc5a15-0771-41dd-4456-6820c7cef725.md), _
    	barPositionIndex As Integer _
    ) As IList(Of [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md))  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    IList<[Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md)^>^ GetCenterlineCurves(
    	bool adjustForSelfIntersection, 
    	bool suppressHooks, 
    	bool suppressBendRadius, 
    	[MultiplanarOption](37cc5a15-0771-41dd-4456-6820c7cef725.md) multiplanarOption, 
    	int barPositionIndex
    )  
  
#### Parameters

adjustForSelfIntersection
    Type: System..::..Boolean If the curves overlap, as in a planar stirrup, this parameter controls whether they should be adjusted to avoid intersection (as in fine views), or kept in a single plane for simplicity (as in coarse views). 

suppressHooks
    Type: System..::..Boolean Identifies if the chain will include hooks curves. 

suppressBendRadius
    Type: System..::..Boolean Identifies if the connected chain will include unfilleted curves. 

multiplanarOption
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..MultiplanarOption](37cc5a15-0771-41dd-4456-6820c7cef725.md) If the Rebar is a multi-planar shape, this parameter controls whether to generate only the curves in the primary plane (IncludeOnlyPlanarCurves), or to generate all curves, (IncludeAllMultiplanarCurves) including the out-of-plane connector segments as well as multi-planar copies of the primary plane curves. This argument is ignored for planar shapes. 

barPositionIndex
    Type: System..::..Int32 An index between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). Use the barPositionIndex to obtain all the curves at a specific index in the distribution. You can use GetNumberOfBarPositions() to verify if a specific rebar has more than one bar positions. Use GetDistributionType() to probe if the bars in a specific rebar have a varying shape. If so, you can retrieve the centerline curve geometry of that particular bar, by passing the appropriate index. When the distribution type of a rebar set is uniform, the form of the bars does not vary from one index to another. 

#### Return Value

The centerline curves or empty array if the curves cannot be computed because the parameters values are inconsistent with the constraints of the RebarShape definition. 

# Remarks

This method will return the centerline curves for bar at barPositionIndex even if this bar isn't included. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.md) | barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ]. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration |
  
# See Also

[Rebar Class](70fd7426-f4a4-591c-8c06-3c18dda45e7d.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)