

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
GeometryInstance..::..GetSymbolGeometry Method   
[GeometryInstance Class](fe25b14f-5866-ca0f-a660-c157484c3a56.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Computes the geometric representation of the symbol which generates this instance.

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [GeometryElement](09eaeb08-58bb-8049-8925-f3a5aa846fdc.md) GetSymbolGeometry()  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function GetSymbolGeometry As [GeometryElement](09eaeb08-58bb-8049-8925-f3a5aa846fdc.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    [GeometryElement](09eaeb08-58bb-8049-8925-f3a5aa846fdc.md)^ GetSymbolGeometry()  
  
#### Return Value

An element which contains the computed geometry for the symbol.

# Remarks

The geometry will be in the local coordinate space of the symbol. The context of this instance object (such as effective material) will be applied to the symbol. Note that this method involves extensive parsing or Revit's data structures, so try to minimize calls if performance is critical. Geometry will be parsed with the same options as those used when this object was retrieved. The results of the method and the value of the SymbolGeometry property are identical. This method returns the actual Revit geometry. Unlike other methods which extract transformed copies of the geometry, the return value of this method is suitable for creating new Revit elements referencing the original element (for example, dimensioning). 

# See Also

[GeometryInstance Class](fe25b14f-5866-ca0f-a660-c157484c3a56.md)

[GetSymbolGeometry Overload](84ba2e4c-e22a-a12c-c632-1d3dc7edb4c1.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)