

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
TaskDialog Class  
[Members](14095041-907b-835f-a853-8a88895a9339.md) Example See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
A task dialog is a dialog box that can be used to display information and receive simple input from the user. It has a common set of controls that are arranged in a standard order to assure consistent look and feel. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2011

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class TaskDialog : [APIObject](beb86ef5-39ad-3f0d-0cd9-0c929387a2bb.md)  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class TaskDialog _
    	Inherits [APIObject](beb86ef5-39ad-3f0d-0cd9-0c929387a2bb.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class TaskDialog : public [APIObject](beb86ef5-39ad-3f0d-0cd9-0c929387a2bb.md)  
  
# Remarks

There are two ways to create and show a task dialog to the user. The first option is to construct the TaskDialog, set its properties individually, and use the instance method Show() to show it to the user. The second is to use one of the static Show() methods to construct and show the dialog in one step. When you use the static methods only a subset of the options can be specified. 

Please follow Revit standards to create task dialogs. The standards are listed in the remarks of each property or method. 

# Examples

CopyC#
    
    
    // Get the application and document from external command data.
    Application app = commandData.Application.Application;
    Document activeDoc = commandData.Application.ActiveUIDocument.Document;
    
    // Creates a Revit task dialog to communicate information to the user.
    TaskDialog mainDialog = new TaskDialog("Hello, Revit!");
    mainDialog.MainInstruction = "Hello, Revit!";
    mainDialog.MainContent =
        "This sample shows how to use a Revit task dialog to communicate with the user."
        + "The command links below open additional task dialogs with more information.";
    
    // Add commmandLink options to task dialog
    mainDialog.AddCommandLink(TaskDialogCommandLinkId.CommandLink1,
                              "View information about the Revit installation");
    mainDialog.AddCommandLink(TaskDialogCommandLinkId.CommandLink2,
                              "View information about the active document");
    
    // Set common buttons and default button. If no CommonButton or CommandLink is added,
    // task dialog will show a Close button by default
    mainDialog.CommonButtons = TaskDialogCommonButtons.Close;
    mainDialog.DefaultButton = TaskDialogResult.Close;
    
    // Set footer text. Footer text is usually used to link to the help document.
    mainDialog.FooterText =
        "<a href=\"http://usa.autodesk.com/adsk/servlet/index?siteID=123112&id=2484975 \">"
        + "Click here for the Revit API Developer Center</a>";
    
    TaskDialogResult tResult = mainDialog.Show();
    
    // If the user clicks the first command link, a simple Task Dialog 
    // with only a Close button shows information about the Revit installation. 
    if (TaskDialogResult.CommandLink1 == tResult)
    {
        TaskDialog dialog_CommandLink1 = new TaskDialog("Revit Build Information");
        dialog_CommandLink1.MainInstruction =
            "Revit Version Name is: " + app.VersionName + "\n"
            + "Revit Version Number is: " + app.VersionNumber + "\n"
            + "Revit Version Build is: " + app.VersionBuild;
    
        dialog_CommandLink1.Show();
    
    }
    
    // If the user clicks the second command link, a simple Task Dialog 
    // created by static method shows information about the active document
    else if (TaskDialogResult.CommandLink2 == tResult)
    {
        TaskDialog.Show("Active Document Inforamtion",
            "Active document: " + activeDoc.Title + "\n"
            + "Active view name: " + activeDoc.ActiveView.Name);
    }
    
    
    return Autodesk.Revit.UI.Result.Succeeded;

CopyVB.NET
    
    
    ' Get the application and document from external command data.
    Dim app As Application = commandData.Application.Application
    Dim activeDoc As Document = commandData.Application.ActiveUIDocument.Document
    
    ' Creates a Revit task dialog to communicate information to the user.
    Dim mainDialog As New TaskDialog("Hello, Revit!")
    mainDialog.MainInstruction = "Hello, Revit!"
    mainDialog.MainContent = "This sample shows how to use a Revit task dialog to communicate with the user." + "The command links below open additional task dialogs with more information."
    
    ' Add commmandLink options to task dialog
    mainDialog.AddCommandLink(TaskDialogCommandLinkId.CommandLink1, "View information about the Revit installation")
    mainDialog.AddCommandLink(TaskDialogCommandLinkId.CommandLink2, "View information about the active document")
    
    ' Set common buttons and default button. If no CommonButton or CommandLink is added,
    ' task dialog will show a Close button by default
    mainDialog.CommonButtons = TaskDialogCommonButtons.Close
    mainDialog.DefaultButton = TaskDialogResult.Close
    
    ' Set footer text. Footer text is usually used to link to the help document.
    mainDialog.FooterText = "<a href=""http://usa.autodesk.com/adsk/servlet/index?siteID=123112&id=2484975 "">" + "Click here for the Revit API Developer Center</a>"
    
    Dim tResult As TaskDialogResult = mainDialog.Show()
    
    ' If the user clicks the first command link, a simple Task Dialog 
    ' with only a Close button shows information about the Revit installation. 
    If TaskDialogResult.CommandLink1 = tResult Then
        Dim dialog_CommandLink1 As New TaskDialog("Revit Build Information")
        dialog_CommandLink1.MainInstruction = "Revit Version Name is: " + app.VersionName + vbLf + "Revit Version Number is: " + app.VersionNumber + vbLf + "Revit Version Build is: " + app.VersionBuild
    
    
        dialog_CommandLink1.Show()
    
        ' If the user clicks the second command link, a simple Task Dialog 
        ' created by static method shows information about the active document
    ElseIf TaskDialogResult.CommandLink2 = tResult Then
        TaskDialog.Show("Active Document Inforamtion", "Active document: " + activeDoc.Title + vbLf + "Active view name: " + activeDoc.ActiveView.Name)
    End If
    
    
    Return Autodesk.Revit.UI.Result.Succeeded

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..APIObject](beb86ef5-39ad-3f0d-0cd9-0c929387a2bb.md) Autodesk.Revit.UI..::..TaskDialog

# See Also

[TaskDialog Members](14095041-907b-835f-a853-8a88895a9339.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)