

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
FamilyInstance..::..ToRoom Property   
[FamilyInstance Class](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
The "To Room" set for the door or window in the last phase of the project.

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [Room](75c9d2c7-a402-ea8b-9e7c-f8bc3510bbd5.md) ToRoom { get; }  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public ReadOnly Property ToRoom As [Room](75c9d2c7-a402-ea8b-9e7c-f8bc3510bbd5.md)
    	Get  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    property [Room](75c9d2c7-a402-ea8b-9e7c-f8bc3510bbd5.md)^ ToRoom {
    	[Room](75c9d2c7-a402-ea8b-9e7c-f8bc3510bbd5.md)^ get ();
    }  
  
#### Field Value

The "To Room" set for the door or window in the last phase of the project. nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) if the FamilyInstance is neither a door nor a window, or if the door or window leads to a space where there is no room (an exterior space or interior space with no room defined). Also nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) if there is no target room assigned to the last phase, or phase does not apply to this FamilyInstance.

# Remarks

Revit automatically calculates the "To Room" for a given door or window. This is the default shown when creating a door or window schedule and adding the "To Room" properties. The user can opt to swap the "From Room" and "To Room" values via the schedule if they choose. The method [FlipFromToRoom()()()()](ae1158c1-1fb0-0558-0ea4-e1cf76bb8a1e.md) also can be used to swap the values.

# See Also

[FamilyInstance Class](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.md)

[ToRoom Overload](40fd969a-3d7b-ff80-bbe1-e55e40e7d141.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)