

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ExternalResourceBrowserData Class  
[Members](0edaae9f-f5f4-5984-8c39-3065c0b92cbc.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Represents a collection of external resources and external resource folders to be presented as the content of a folder in the file browser in Revit. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class ExternalResourceBrowserData : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class ExternalResourceBrowserData _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class ExternalResourceBrowserData : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

This data represents the contents to be shown to the user while they are browsing a specific folder in Revit.

The folder path can be obtained from the [FolderPath](3a4e2d9e-41a8-380e-46b1-ab000c4b6a60.md) property. 

The external resource server is expected to populate all of the available resources and subfolders that should appear in the Revit file browser while the browser is open to this particular folder. 

If the user navigates to another folder, a different ExternalResourceBrowserData object will be provided to allow the server to populate resources at that location.

When adding resource and subfolder, the resource and subfolder should not be added recursively.

When adding resource and subfolder, the name should be unique short name(without folder). 

The name of resource and subfolder should not contain any invalid character of \/:*?"<>|.

The length of resource combined path(server name + folder path + resource name) should not exceed 259; The length of subfolder also has same restriction. 

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ExternalResourceBrowserData

# See Also

[ExternalResourceBrowserData Members](0edaae9f-f5f4-5984-8c39-3065c0b92cbc.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)