

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
NurbsSurfaceData..::..Create Method   
[NurbsSurfaceData Class](7d65dbde-8aac-7d7d-e811-a6c91a541de4.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Construct NurbsSurfaceData based on NURBS surface data, where the weights are supplied. The NURBS surface will be (piecewise) polynomial if all the weights are equal, rational if not. Note: A rational polynomial is a quotient of two polynomials; this includes a polynomial, which can be thought of as a quotient with denominator equal to 1. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2016 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public static [NurbsSurfaceData](7d65dbde-8aac-7d7d-e811-a6c91a541de4.md) Create(
    	int degreeU,
    	int degreeV,
    	IList<double> knotsU,
    	IList<double> knotsV,
    	IList<[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)> controlPoints,
    	IList<double> weights,
    	bool bReverseOrientation
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Shared Function Create ( _
    	degreeU As Integer, _
    	degreeV As Integer, _
    	knotsU As IList(Of Double), _
    	knotsV As IList(Of Double), _
    	controlPoints As IList(Of [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)), _
    	weights As IList(Of Double), _
    	bReverseOrientation As Boolean _
    ) As [NurbsSurfaceData](7d65dbde-8aac-7d7d-e811-a6c91a541de4.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    static [NurbsSurfaceData](7d65dbde-8aac-7d7d-e811-a6c91a541de4.md)^ Create(
    	int degreeU, 
    	int degreeV, 
    	IList<double>^ knotsU, 
    	IList<double>^ knotsV, 
    	IList<[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)^>^ controlPoints, 
    	IList<double>^ weights, 
    	bool bReverseOrientation
    )  
  
#### Parameters

degreeU
    Type: System..::..Int32 The degree of the spline in the u-direction; must be positive. 

degreeV
    Type: System..::..Int32 The degree of the spline in the v-direction; must be positive. 

knotsU
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'Double>)>)> Knot values in the u-direction. The number of knots in the u-direction must be at least 2 * (degreeU + 1). 

knotsV
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'Double>)>)> Knot values in the v-direction. The number of knots in the v-direction must be at least 2 * (degreeV + 1). 

controlPoints
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)>)>)> One dimensional array of points representing the two dimensional net of control points of the NURBS surface in u and v directions. 

The total number of control points must equal numControlPtsU times numControlPtsV, where numControlPtsU and numControlPtsV are the numbers of control points in u and v directions, and they must satisfy the following conditions: 

  * numControlPtsU = number of knots in u - degreeU - 1. 
  * numControlPtsV = number of knots in v - degreeV - 1. 

The convention for 2d (idxU, idxV) to 1d (idx) conversion of array indexes: idxV first. That is, idxU is outer loop and idxV is inner loop. In other words, idx = idxU * numControlPtsV + idxV. 

weights
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'Double>)>)> Array of weights assigned to the control points. The number of weights must equal the number of control points. All weights should be greater than zero. 

bReverseOrientation
    Type: System..::..Boolean If true, the surface's orientation is opposite to the canonical parametric orientation, otherwise it is the same. The canonical parametric orientation is a counter-clockwise sense of rotation in the uv-parameter plane. Extrinsically, the oriented normal vector for the canonical parametric orientation points in the direction of the cross product dS/du x dS/dv, which S(u, v) is the parameterized surface. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | The U-degree value must be at least 1. -or- The V-degree value must be at least 1. -or- The number of knots in the U direction must be at least 2 times the U-degree plus 1. -or- The number of knots in the V direction must be at least 2 times the V-degree plus 1. -or- The number of control points must equal (number of U-knots - U-degree - 1) * (number of V-knots - V-degree - 1). -or- The number of weights must be the same as the number of control points and all weights must be positive or all zero. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
  
# See Also

[NurbsSurfaceData Class](7d65dbde-8aac-7d7d-e811-a6c91a541de4.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)