

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ScheduleFieldType Enumeration  
See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
The type of data displayed in a schedule field. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2013 **Since:** 2013 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public enum ScheduleFieldType  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Enumeration ScheduleFieldType  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public enum class ScheduleFieldType  
  
# Members

| Member name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Instance | An instance parameter of the scheduled elements. All shared parameters also use this type, regardless of whether they are instance or type parameters. |
| ElementType | A type parameter of the scheduled elements. |
| Count | The number of elements appearing on the schedule row. |
| ViewBased | A specialized type of field used for a few parameters whose displayed values can change based on the settings of the view: |

  * ROOM_AREA and ROOM_PERIMETER in room and space schedules.
  * PROJECT_REVISION_REVISION_NUM in revision schedules.
  * KEYNOTE_NUMBER in keynote legends that are numbered by sheet.

  
Formula|  A formula calculated from the values of other fields in the schedule.   
Percentage|  A value indicating what percent of the total of another field each element represents.   
Room|  A parameter of the room that a scheduled element belongs to.   
FromRoom|  A parameter of the room on the "from" side of a door or window.   
ToRoom|  A parameter of the room on the "to" side of a door or window.   
ProjectInfo|  A parameter of the Project Info element in the project that the scheduled element belongs to, which may be a linked file. Only allowed in schedules that include elements from linked files.   
Material|  In a material takeoff, a parameter of one of the materials of a scheduled element.   
MaterialQuantity|  In a material takeoff, a value representing how a particular material is used within a scheduled element. The parameter ID can be MATERIAL_AREA, MATERIAL_VOLUME, or MATERIAL_ASPAINT.   
RevitLinkInstance|  A parameter of the RevitLinkInstance that an element in a linked file belongs to. Currently RVT_LINK_INSTANCE_NAME is the only supported parameter. Only allowed in schedules that include elements from linked files.   
RevitLinkType|  A parameter of the RevitLinkType that an element in a linked file belongs to. Currently RVT_LINK_FILE_NAME_WITHOUT_EXT is the only supported parameter. Only allowed in schedules that include elements from linked files.   
StructuralMaterial|  A parameter of the structural material of a scheduled element.   
Space|  A parameter of the space that a scheduled element belongs to.   
Analytical|  A parameter of the analytical element of a scheduled physical element.   
PhysicalType|  A type parameter of the physical element of a scheduled analytical element.   
PhysicalInstance|  An instance parameter of the physical element of a scheduled analytical element.   
CombinedParameter|  Combine parameters of the types that display in a specific part of a schedule. The values for the combined parameters will display in the same cell separated by a slash or other separator. You can add a prefix, suffix or sample value to the parameter.   
HostCount|  Counts the number of hosts with different mark.   
CustomField|  For this field type the value for each row is computed based on the (sub)elements that are grouped on that row and can have a graphic representation when the schedule is placed on a sheet.   
Revision|  A parameter of the revision element that the scheduled revision cloud element belongs to.   
Views|  A parameter of the primary view owning an annotation element (e.g. Revision Cloud)   
| Sheets | A parameter of the sheet view owning an annotation element (e.g. Revision Cloud) |
  
# See Also

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)