

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
RebarConstraintsManager..::..RemovePreferredConstraintFromHandle Method   
[RebarConstraintsManager Class](32fe1ec6-ddb3-feac-f18c-8683b054f639.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
For ShapeDriven: Clears the user-preferred RebarConstraint from the specified RebarConstrainedHandle.

For FreeForm: Removes the RebarConstraint that is associated to the specified RebarConstrainedHandle.

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public void RemovePreferredConstraintFromHandle(
    	[RebarConstrainedHandle](08b4c4a3-3bb9-0801-9cc8-cd5420a306d9.md) handle
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Sub RemovePreferredConstraintFromHandle ( _
    	handle As [RebarConstrainedHandle](08b4c4a3-3bb9-0801-9cc8-cd5420a306d9.md) _
    )  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    void RemovePreferredConstraintFromHandle(
    	[RebarConstrainedHandle](08b4c4a3-3bb9-0801-9cc8-cd5420a306d9.md)^ handle
    )  
  
#### Parameters

handle
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..RebarConstrainedHandle](08b4c4a3-3bb9-0801-9cc8-cd5420a306d9.md) The RebarConstrainedHandle for which the user RebarConstraint is to be deleted. 

# Remarks

ShapeDriven:

After the preferred constraint is removed, the rebar will search for an appropriate default constraint for the handle in its current position. In some cases, this will cause the handle to snap a small distance to a new target. However, in many situations, the handle will simply remain in its current position, and either continue to use the same constraint target (while no longer treating that target as preferred), or acquire a FixedDistancetoHostFace constraint to the nearest host element surface. The handle will not, in general, be restored to the position it originally occupied before the preferred constraint was applied.

FreeForm:

After the Constraint is removed, the handle remains unconstrained, and the shape calculation tries to resolve a shape without this information. Depending on the calculation method, the bar may not have all the necessary information, so the responsibility to constrain this handle is in the hands of the caller of this function.

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | handle is no longer valid. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) | The RebarConstraintsManager does not manage a valid Rebar element. |
  
# See Also

[RebarConstraintsManager Class](32fe1ec6-ddb3-feac-f18c-8683b054f639.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)