

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
IExportContext..::..OnFaceBegin Method   
[IExportContext Interface](7d0dc6df-db0e-6a07-3b42-8dde1bedb3c1.md) Example See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
This method marks the beginning of a Face to be exported. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    [RenderNodeAction](39f98799-628b-8d65-765c-ca86949ce7ed.md) OnFaceBegin(
    	[FaceNode](fbd0d7af-ac40-e81e-8e06-8b2ce90be28b.md) node
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Function OnFaceBegin ( _
    	node As [FaceNode](fbd0d7af-ac40-e81e-8e06-8b2ce90be28b.md) _
    ) As [RenderNodeAction](39f98799-628b-8d65-765c-ca86949ce7ed.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    [RenderNodeAction](39f98799-628b-8d65-765c-ca86949ce7ed.md) OnFaceBegin(
    	[FaceNode](fbd0d7af-ac40-e81e-8e06-8b2ce90be28b.md)^ node
    )  
  
#### Parameters

node
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..FaceNode](fbd0d7af-ac40-e81e-8e06-8b2ce90be28b.md) An output node that represents a Face. 

#### Return Value

Return RenderNodeAction. Proceed if you wish to receive geometry (polymesh) for this face, or return RenderNodeAction.Skip otherwise. 

# Remarks

Note that this method (as well as OnFaceEnd) is invoked only if the custom exporter was set up to include geometric objects in the output stream. See [IncludeGeometricObjects](2ce1075e-380e-01e7-6459-b7467c2a2414.md) for mode details. 

# Examples

CopyC#
    
    
    /// <summary>
    /// This code demonstrates how to process face geometry
    /// </summary>
    /// <remarks>
    /// This method is invoked only if the custom exporter was set to include faces.
    /// </remarks>
    public RenderNodeAction OnFaceBegin(FaceNode node)
    {
       // Get the get the actual geometric face and all information about it
       // and its edges by using standard API for Face and Edge
       Face theFace = node.GetFace();
       double area = theFace.Area;
       if (theFace.HasRegions)
       {
          IList<Face> regionedFaces = theFace.GetRegions();
       }
    
       // We can either skip this face or proceed with rendering it depending on 
       // whether our export process can handle face geometry or not. If we choose 
       // to proceed, we get calls to export tessellated meshes for this face.
       if (true == ExportAFace(theFace))
       {
          return RenderNodeAction.Skip;
       }
       return RenderNodeAction.Proceed;
    }
    
    /// <summary>
    /// This code marks the end of processing a face
    /// </summary>
    /// <remarks>
    /// This method is invoked only if the custom exporter was set to include faces.
    /// </remarks>
    public void OnFaceEnd(FaceNode node)
    {
       // Note: This method is invoked even for faces that were skipped.
    }
    
    /// <summary>
    /// Assuming this would be the method that processes faces and exports them in our proprietary format.
    /// </summary>
    /// <remarks>
    /// For example, we can decide that our format supports planar faces only, but no curved surfaces.
    /// Or we can support basic surfaces only (planar, spherical, cylindrical), but not complex faces.
    /// This is, naturally, depending on what a particular custom exporter is designed to output.
    /// </remarks>
    /// <returns>
    /// Should return True if the face could be handled (exported), False otherwise.
    /// </returns>
    private bool ExportAFace(Face face)
    {
       return false;  // in this case, 
    }

CopyVB.NET
    
    
    ' <summary>
    ' This code demonstrates how to process face geometry
    ' </summary>
    ' <remarks>
    ' This method is invoked only if the custom exporter was set to include faces.
    ' </remarks>
    Public Function OnFaceBegin(node As FaceNode) As RenderNodeAction Implements IExportContext.OnFaceBegin
        ' Get the get the actual geometric face and all information about it
        ' and its edges by using standard API for Face and Edge
        Dim theFace As Face = node.GetFace()
        Dim area As Double = theFace.Area
        If theFace.HasRegions Then
            Dim regionedFaces As IList(Of Face) = theFace.GetRegions()
        End If
    
        ' We can either skip this face or proceed with rendering it depending on 
        ' whether our export process can handle face geometry or not. If we choose 
        ' to proceed, we get calls to export tessellated meshes for this face.
        If True = ExportAFace(theFace) Then
            Return RenderNodeAction.Skip
        End If
        Return RenderNodeAction.Proceed
    End Function
    
    ' <summary>
    ' This code marks the end of processing a face
    ' </summary>
    ' <remarks>
    ' This method is invoked only if the custom exporter was set to include faces.
    ' </remarks>
    Public Sub OnFaceEnd(node As FaceNode) Implements IExportContext.OnFaceEnd
        ' Note: This method is invoked even for faces that were skipped.
    End Sub
    
    ' <summary>
    ' Assuming this would be the method that processes faces and exports them in our proprietary format.
    ' </summary>
    ' <remarks>
    ' For example, we can decide that our format supports planar faces only, but no curved surfaces.
    ' Or we can support basic surfaces only (planar, spherical, cylindrical), but not complex faces.
    ' This is, naturally, depending on what a particular custom exporter is designed to output.
    ' </remarks>
    ' <returns>
    ' Should return True if the face could be handled (exported), False otherwise.
    ' </returns>
    Private Function ExportAFace(face As Face) As Boolean
        Return False
        ' in this case, 
    End Function

# See Also

[IExportContext Interface](7d0dc6df-db0e-6a07-3b42-8dde1bedb3c1.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)