# ElementMulticlassFilter Class

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
ElementMulticlassFilter Class  
[Members](e299ef73-413f-2484-caa4-9e98296e825d.md "ElementMulticlassFilter Members") See Also  
---  
A filter used to match elements by their class, where more than one class of element may be passed. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2012 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class ElementMulticlassFilter : ElementQuickFilter
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class ElementMulticlassFilter _
	Inherits ElementQuickFilter
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class ElementMulticlassFilter : public ElementQuickFilter
```
  
# Remarks
This filter is a quick filter. Quick filters operate only on the ElementRecord, a low-memory class which has a limited interface to read element properties. Elements which are rejected by a quick filter will not be expanded in memory. 
Only elements whose class is an exact match to one of the input classes, or elements whose type is derived from the input class will pass the collector.
There is a small subset of Element subclasses in the API that are not supported by this filter. These classes exist in the API, but not in Revit's native object model, which means that this filter doesn't support them. In order to use a class filter to find elements of these types, it is necessary to use a higher level class and then process the results further to find elements matching only the subclass. For a list of subclasses affected by this restriction, consult the documentation for [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::ElementClassFilter].
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementFilter](b8b46cbf-9ecc-0745-ec53-c3c3b6510113.md "ElementFilter Class") [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementQuickFilter](ebc95d82-11fc-69f6-2df1-52331dd36443.md "ElementQuickFilter Class") Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementMulticlassFilter
# See Also
[ElementMulticlassFilter Members](e299ef73-413f-2484-caa4-9e98296e825d.md "ElementMulticlassFilter Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)