

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
IExternalResourceUIServer Interface  
[Members](f1f17bf8-e601-503f-2e0b-cb034de308b0.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
The interface used to provide custom handling of UI operations related to external resources. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public interface IExternalResourceUIServer : [IExternalServer](91e4af0b-59c0-d640-107a-eebc4d99fa76.md)  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Interface IExternalResourceUIServer _
    	Inherits [IExternalServer](91e4af0b-59c0-d640-107a-eebc4d99fa76.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public interface class IExternalResourceUIServer : [IExternalServer](91e4af0b-59c0-d640-107a-eebc4d99fa76.md)  
  
# Remarks

IExternalResourceUIServer is the UI server associated with IExternalResourceServer. IExternalResourceServer provides an interface for loading an external resource (such as a Revit link or the keynote data) from a source outside of Revit. IExternalResourceUIServer provides an interface for displaying the results of such an operation to the Revit user.

IExternalResourceUIServers must be associated with an IExternalResourceServer in order to display any UI. Implement [GetDBServerId()()()()](7a58e7fb-d4ed-cb5b-3b3d-496b6be34bd7.md) to declare a relationship between an IExternalResourceUIServer and an IExternalResourceServer.

The primary method in IExternalResourceUIServer is [M:Autodesk.Revit.UI.IExternalResourceUIServer.HandleLoadResourceResults(Autodesk.Revit.DB.Document,System.Collections.Generic.IList`1{Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalResourceLoadData})]. After an IExternalResourceServer loads an external resource, Revit will call HandleLoadResourceResults() on the IExternalResourceUIServer, so that it may display any related UI. Revit will provide an ExternalResourceLoadData to the UI server, which will contain information about the resource which was loaded, information about the context of the load operation, and any Revit-side errors.

The ExternalResourceLoadData passed to HandleLoadResourceResults will also contain a GUID to uniquely identify the load request. This identifier can help IExternalResourceUIServers query their IExternalResourceServers for additional information about errors that occurred during specific load operations. Particularly, the IExternalResourceUIServer may wish to ask the IExternalResourceServer about errors which Revit is not aware of. For example, if the IExternalResourceServer includes a website and the user is not logged in, Revit will not have any information about this error.

# See Also

[IExternalResourceUIServer Members](f1f17bf8-e601-503f-2e0b-cb034de308b0.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)