

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
RevolvedSurface..::..IsValidProfileCurve Method (Frame, Curve)  
[RevolvedSurface Class](ce0b47e0-2b24-61f5-1434-87fe3ff70390.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Checks if the input profile curve is valid to create a surface of revolution in the given frame of reference. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2017 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public static bool IsValidProfileCurve(
    	[Frame](d44b3fd1-34d0-bfd0-55f6-de24235edf2e.md) frameOfReference,
    	[Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md) profileCurve
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Shared Function IsValidProfileCurve ( _
    	frameOfReference As [Frame](d44b3fd1-34d0-bfd0-55f6-de24235edf2e.md), _
    	profileCurve As [Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md) _
    ) As Boolean  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    static bool IsValidProfileCurve(
    	[Frame](d44b3fd1-34d0-bfd0-55f6-de24235edf2e.md)^ frameOfReference, 
    	[Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md)^ profileCurve
    )  
  
#### Parameters

frameOfReference
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Frame](d44b3fd1-34d0-bfd0-55f6-de24235edf2e.md) frameOfReference is an orthonormal frame that defines a local coordinate system for the surface of revolution. 

  * The frame can be "right-handed" or "left-handed". 
  * The origin of the frame is the base of point of the axis of revolution.
  * The BasisZ of the frame is the direction of the axis. 



profileCurve
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md) The profile curve. 

#### Return Value

True if the profile curve is valid; False otherwise. 

# Remarks

The validity is defined as follows: 

  * The profile curve is bounded and non-degenerate. 
  * It is co-planar with the axis of revolution. 
  * It lies on the xz plane of the frame. 
  * It lies on the right side of the axis. 
  * Only the end points of the profile curve can touch the axis. 



# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
  
# See Also

[RevolvedSurface Class](ce0b47e0-2b24-61f5-1434-87fe3ff70390.md)

[IsValidProfileCurve Overload](b4ba507e-b41c-19a4-944c-4ad9b47e400e.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)