

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
TaskDialog..::..EnableDoNotShowAgain Method   
[TaskDialog Class](853afb57-7455-a636-9881-61a391118c16.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Enables the "Do not show again" for a task dialog.

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2020

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public void EnableDoNotShowAgain(
    	string dialogId,
    	bool enableDoNotShow,
    	string doNotShowText
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Sub EnableDoNotShowAgain ( _
    	dialogId As String, _
    	enableDoNotShow As Boolean, _
    	doNotShowText As String _
    )  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    void EnableDoNotShowAgain(
    	String^ dialogId, 
    	bool enableDoNotShow, 
    	String^ doNotShowText
    )  
  
#### Parameters

dialogId
    Type: System..::..String The non localized dialog identifier. It is used to store in Revit.ini the choice the user made the last time the dialog was shown. 

enableDoNotShow
    Type: System..::..Boolean The boolean to enable or disable the do not show me again functionality. 

doNotShowText
    Type: System..::..String The customized localized string that shows along with the do not show again checkbox. 

# Remarks

Thrown if the TaskDialog also has VerificationText set as the two cannot coincide in the same TaskDialog. 

When enabled, the TaskDialog will contain a checkbox with the text specified to not show the task dialog again.

By default a task dialog will not have this check box.

If the user checks the check box, the next call to Show() for the indicated dialog id returns the choice the user made the last time the dialog was shown.

# See Also

[TaskDialog Class](853afb57-7455-a636-9881-61a391118c16.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)