

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
UIDocument..::..ActiveView Property   
[UIDocument Class](295b48c8-0571-ad5c-eead-baea84a6787c.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
The currently active view of the currently active document. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2012

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md) ActiveView { get; set; }  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Property ActiveView As [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md)
    	Get
    	Set  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    property [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md)^ ActiveView {
    	[View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md)^ get ();
    	void set ([View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md)^ value);
    }  
  
# Remarks

This property is applicable to the currently active document only. Returns nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) if this document doesn't represent the active document.

The active view can only be changed when: 

  * There is no open transaction.
  * [IsModifiable](af884262-3ba2-b0a0-d7ef-f0a49c1bf1bc.md) is false.
  * [IsReadOnly](7e813a1b-9163-2509-f280-82572598432b.md) is false.
  * ViewActivating, ViewActivated, and any pre-action of events (such as DocumentSaving or DocumentClosingevents) are not being handled.



# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | When setting the property: If the 'view' argument is NULL. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md) | When setting the property: |

  * If the given view is not a valid view of the document; -or-
  * If the given view is a template view; -or-
  * If the given view is an internal view.

  
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md)| When setting the property: 

  * If the document is not currently active; -or-
  * If the document is currently modifiable (i.e. with an active transaction); -or-
  * If the document is currently in read-only state; -or-
  * When invoked during either ViewActivating or ViewActivated event; -or-
  * When invoked during any pre-action kind of event, such as DocumentSaving, DocumentClosing, etc.

  
  
# See Also

[UIDocument Class](295b48c8-0571-ad5c-eead-baea84a6787c.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)