

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
TessellatedFace Constructor (IList<(Of <(<'IList<(Of <(<'XYZ>)>)>>)>)>, ElementId)  
[TessellatedFace Class](6b007c37-6c87-50c5-8cf3-c3c68aa130ae.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Constructs a tessellated face, which, may be, have holes. Face data is always set, even if the input data are invalid (e.g., describes a wildly non-planar face). A TessellatedShepeBuilder's function is used to check the data and heal them if possible. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public TessellatedFace(
    	IList<IList<[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)>> allLoopVertices,
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) materialId
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Sub New ( _
    	allLoopVertices As IList(Of IList(Of [XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md))), _
    	materialId As [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) _
    )  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    TessellatedFace(
    	IList<IList<[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)^>^>^ allLoopVertices, 
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md)^ materialId
    )  
  
#### Parameters

allLoopVertices
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'IList<(Of <(<'[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md)>)>)>>)>)> Boundary vertices without duplication of the ends - i.e., a boundary of a triangular face consists of 3 (and NOT 4) vertices. The first array describes the outer loop, the following arrays, if any - inner loops. It is expected that vertices of outer boundary are listed in CCW order with respect to the face normal in the solid, while the vertices of inner loops - in CW order. The vertices listed in the wrong order will still be handled by TessellatedShapeBuilder, but performance may deteriorate. Contents of this parameter will be changed while constructing the face. 

materialId
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) Material of the face to be used when the result is a Solid or a Sheet. If the result is a Mesh, a material will be assigned to the entire Mesh. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
  
# See Also

[TessellatedFace Class](6b007c37-6c87-50c5-8cf3-c3c68aa130ae.md)

[TessellatedFace Overload](915c466c-4dfa-15e6-6267-72fea11af27d.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)