

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
EnergyAnalysisSurface..::..Type Property   
[EnergyAnalysisSurface Class](72ef40eb-20ae-d7ef-0ab5-8c52ddd4b813.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
The gbXML surface type attribute. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2012 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [gbXMLSurfaceType](e98d60e1-4ca1-59ff-09d0-2b3b8ec0e898.md) Type { get; }  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public ReadOnly Property Type As [gbXMLSurfaceType](e98d60e1-4ca1-59ff-09d0-2b3b8ec0e898.md)
    	Get  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    property [gbXMLSurfaceType](e98d60e1-4ca1-59ff-09d0-2b3b8ec0e898.md) Type {
    	[gbXMLSurfaceType](e98d60e1-4ca1-59ff-09d0-2b3b8ec0e898.md) get ();
    }  
  
# Remarks

The type of surface is figured out depending on the source element and the number of space adjacencies. 

  * If there is no associate source element and no space adjacencies, it will have a type of Shade. If there are any space adjacencies, it will have a type of Air. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of ExteriorWall. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of InteriorWall. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and the type Function parameter is set to "Interior" or "CoreShaft", it will have a type of InteriorWall. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have one space adjacency and if it is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundWall. 
  * If the source element is a Floor and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of SlabOnGrade. If the source element is above grade, it will have a type of RaisedFloor. If the source element is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundSlab. 
  * If the source element is a Floor and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of InteriorFloor. 
  * If the source element is a Floor and the type Function parameter is set to "Interior", it will have a type of InteriorFloor. 
  * If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of Roof. 
  * If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have one space adjacency and is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundCeiling. 
  * If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of Ceiling. 



# See Also

[EnergyAnalysisSurface Class](72ef40eb-20ae-d7ef-0ab5-8c52ddd4b813.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)