

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
IExternalService..::..Execute Method   
[IExternalService Interface](37fe86a0-0668-5908-9966-dfac0e0c1fe3.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Implement this method to execute the given server. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2013 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    bool Execute(
    	[IExternalServer](91e4af0b-59c0-d640-107a-eebc4d99fa76.md) server,
    	[Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md) document,
    	[IExternalData](d4f0854f-3b67-c60e-1696-8cffbaba065a.md) data
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Function Execute ( _
    	server As [IExternalServer](91e4af0b-59c0-d640-107a-eebc4d99fa76.md), _
    	document As [Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md), _
    	data As [IExternalData](d4f0854f-3b67-c60e-1696-8cffbaba065a.md) _
    ) As Boolean  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    bool Execute(
    	[IExternalServer](91e4af0b-59c0-d640-107a-eebc4d99fa76.md)^ server, 
    	[Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md)^ document, 
    	[IExternalData](d4f0854f-3b67-c60e-1696-8cffbaba065a.md)^ data
    )  
  
#### Parameters

server
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService..::..IExternalServer](91e4af0b-59c0-d640-107a-eebc4d99fa76.md) An instance of a server that is to be executed. 

document
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md) The associated document. It may be NULL if the service is not being executed in a document. 

data
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService..::..IExternalData](d4f0854f-3b67-c60e-1696-8cffbaba065a.md) The associated service data. 

#### Return Value

True indicates a successful execution of the call. False indicates a failure. 

If a multi-server service returns false from the call, the service manager will stop the execution loop and marks the service execution as unsuccessful. 

# Remarks

It is completely upon the service to decide what the communication with the server should be like, for it is the service provider who also defines what the server's interface looks like. It could be as simple as calling one method (e.g. Execute, Run, Calculate, etc.) or it could be a set of inquiries and executing calls to the server. 

The framework invokes this method when the service is requested to be executed. The framework first checks what the applicable server (or servers, in a multi-server service) is and then it calls this method with that server as an argument. 

# See Also

[IExternalService Interface](37fe86a0-0668-5908-9966-dfac0e0c1fe3.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)