

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
IDockablePaneProvider Interface  
[Members](796abfe0-d73a-ddc6-650e-bcd5d3959f62.md) Example See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Interface that the Revit UI will call during initialization of the user interface to gather information about add-in dockable pane windows. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public interface IDockablePaneProvider  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Interface IDockablePaneProvider  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public interface class IDockablePaneProvider  
  
# Examples

CopyC#
    
    
    // 
    // Provider class called by Revit to provide information about the pane
    // to embed.
    // 
    public class PaneProvider : IDockablePaneProvider
    {
       public void SetupDockablePane(DockablePaneProviderData data)
       {
          // 
          // SetupDockablePane is called to collect the properties for your pane
          // including the WPF FrameworkElement used for your pane.
          // 
          // You have 2 choices when specifying the UI. 
    
          // The typical example is to create your element as part of this setup and pass it back as the "FrameworkElement" 
          // property of the provider Data. Most any container control will work, but we
          // we generally suggest using a descendant of the Page class:
          data.FrameworkElement = new Page();
    
          // 
          // A more advanced mechanism is to provided a callback that creates the UI element on demand
          // each time the containing view is created. Generally, this approach is needed for UI Elements
          // that CANNOT be cached/reused due to some underlying dependancies. A good example of this
          // is the WebBrowser control that embeds a browser window, that itself is not reusable:
          data.FrameworkElement = null;  // Set Cached element to null as we are specifying a creator. 
          data.FrameworkElementCreator = new BrowserCreator(); // set a creator to call back into. 
       }
    }

CopyVB.NET
    
    
    '
    ' Provider class called by Revit to provide information about the pane
    ' to embed.
    '
    Public Class PaneProvider
        Implements IDockablePaneProvider
        Public Sub SetupDockablePane(data As DockablePaneProviderData) Implements IDockablePaneProvider.SetupDockablePane
            ' 
            ' SetupDockablePane is called to collect the properties for your pane
            ' including the WPF FrameworkElement used for your pane.
            '
            ' You have 2 choices when specifying the UI. 
    
    
            ' The typical example is to create your element as part of this setup and pass it back as the "FrameworkElement" 
            ' property of the provider Data. Most any container control will work, but we
            ' we generally suggest using a descendant of the Page class:
            data.FrameworkElement = New Page()
    
            '
            ' A more advanced mechanism is to provided a callback that creates the UI element on demand
            ' each time the containing view is created. Generally, this approach is needed for UI Elements
            ' that CANNOT be cached/reused due to some underlying dependancies. A good example of this
            ' is the WebBrowser control that embeds a browser window, that itself is not reusable:
            data.FrameworkElement = Nothing
            ' Set Cached element to null as we are specifying a creator. 
            data.FrameworkElementCreator = New BrowserCreator()
            ' set a creator to call back into. 
        End Sub
    End Class

# See Also

[IDockablePaneProvider Members](796abfe0-d73a-ddc6-650e-bcd5d3959f62.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)