

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
IExportContext..::..OnElementBegin Method   
[IExportContext Interface](7d0dc6df-db0e-6a07-3b42-8dde1bedb3c1.md) Example See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
This method marks the beginning of an element to be exported. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    [RenderNodeAction](39f98799-628b-8d65-765c-ca86949ce7ed.md) OnElementBegin(
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) elementId
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Function OnElementBegin ( _
    	elementId As [ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) _
    ) As [RenderNodeAction](39f98799-628b-8d65-765c-ca86949ce7ed.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    [RenderNodeAction](39f98799-628b-8d65-765c-ca86949ce7ed.md) OnElementBegin(
    	[ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md)^ elementId
    )  
  
#### Parameters

elementId
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md) The Id of the element that is about to be processed. 

#### Return Value

Return RenderNodeAction.Skip if you wish to skip exporting this element, or return RenderNodeAction.Proceed otherwise. 

# Remarks

This method is never called for 2D export (see cref="Autodesk::Revit::DB::IExportContext2D"). 

# Examples

CopyC#
    
    
    /// <summary>
    /// Often it is found beneficial to keep a stack of th element(s)
    /// currently being processed, so it can be refer to it from other
    /// methods of the export context.
    /// </summary>
    Stack<ElementId> m_elementStack = new Stack<ElementId>();
    
    ElementId CurrentElementId()
    {
       return (m_elementStack.Count > 0) ? m_elementStack.Peek() : ElementId.InvalidElementId;
    }
    
    /// <summary>
    /// Method that indicates the start of processing an element.
    /// </summary>
    public RenderNodeAction OnElementBegin(ElementId elementId)
    {
       // We may find it useful to remember this element's Id.
       // So we can refer to it in methods invoked during the 
       // export process of this element
       m_elementStack.Push(elementId);
    
       // We can use the element's Id to find out more about the element being processed.
       // For example, we can test if the element is a wall; if it is, we can get more
       // information about the wall and then we can proceed with the export, which will 
       // continue with processing geometry of the element. Elements that are not wall
       // will be skipped.
    
       Wall theWall = m_document.GetElement(elementId) as Wall;
       if (theWall != null)
       {
          double wallVolume = theWall.get_Parameter(BuiltInParameter.HOST_VOLUME_COMPUTED).AsDouble();
          return RenderNodeAction.Proceed;
       }
       else
       {
          return RenderNodeAction.Skip;
       }
    }
    
    /// <summary>
    /// Method that indicates the end of processing an element
    /// </summary>
    public void OnElementEnd(ElementId elementId)
    {
       // Note: this method is invoked even for elements that were skipped.
    
       m_elementStack.Pop();
    }

CopyVB.NET
    
    
    ' <summary>
    ' Often it is found beneficial to keep a stack of th element(s)
    ' currently being processed, so it can be refer to it from other
    ' methods of the export context.
    ' </summary>
    Private m_elementStack As New Stack(Of ElementId)()
    
    Private Function CurrentElementId() As ElementId
        Return If((m_elementStack.Count > 0), m_elementStack.Peek(), ElementId.InvalidElementId)
    End Function
    
    ' <summary>
    ' Method that indicates the start of processing an element.
    ' </summary>
    Public Function OnElementBegin(elementId As ElementId) As RenderNodeAction Implements IExportContext.OnElementBegin
        ' We may find it useful to remember this element's Id.
        ' So we can refer to it in methods invoked during the 
        ' export process of this element
        m_elementStack.Push(elementId)
    
        ' We can use the element's Id to find out more about the element being processed.
        ' For example, we can test if the element is a wall; if it is, we can get more
        ' information about the wall and then we can proceed with the export, which will 
        ' continue with processing geometry of the element. Elements that are not wall
        ' will be skipped.
    
    
        Dim theWall As Wall = TryCast(m_document.GetElement(elementId), Wall)
        If theWall IsNot Nothing Then
            Dim wallVolume As Double = theWall.Parameter(BuiltInParameter.HOST_VOLUME_COMPUTED).AsDouble()
            Return RenderNodeAction.Proceed
        Else
            Return RenderNodeAction.Skip
        End If
    End Function
    
    ' <summary>
    ' Method that indicates the end of processing an element
    ' </summary>
    Public Sub OnElementEnd(elementId As ElementId) Implements IExportContext.OnElementEnd
        ' Note: this method is invoked even for elements that were skipped.
    
    
        m_elementStack.Pop()
    End Sub

# See Also

[IExportContext Interface](7d0dc6df-db0e-6a07-3b42-8dde1bedb3c1.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)