

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
CustomExporter Class  
[Members](a6684d1f-2e02-02fe-9904-36b1b96dbe45.md) Example See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
A class that allows exporting 3D or 2D views via an export context. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class CustomExporter : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class CustomExporter _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class CustomExporter : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

The Export method of this class triggers standard rendering or exporting process in Revit, but instead of displaying the result on screen or printer, the output is channeled through the given custom context that handles processing of the geometric as well as non-geometric information. 

Revit will process the exporting algorithm depending on the type of given context. If an instance of [IPhotoRenderContext](d09d4ea2-1090-f2b9-8073-5fb8a796babf.md) is used, then Revit will output the model as if executing the Render command, thus only such entities that would be visible in a rendered view will be sent to the context. 

Alternatively, if an instance of [IModelExportContext](4309af43-f04e-4e42-2539-3fd1d64cdc6d.md) is used, Revit will output the model as if exporting it to a CAD format, a process which results outputting also objects that would not appear in a rendered image, such as model curves and text annotations. 

For 2D views, an instance of [IExportContext2D](a4578846-6ecf-e354-668d-96d8ef5d1a32.md) has to be used. Revit will output the contents of the 2D view as it is displayed on the screen. Export can be modified by setting properties pertaining to 2D views: [Export2DGeometricObjectsIncludingPatternLines](34ed2a39-a5e6-6ef1-1f6d-cceebd2bae7f.md), [Export2DIncludingAnnotationObjects](1a22bfd6-bb08-c368-f981-d02151986b5c.md). [Export2DForceDisplayStyle](47ed429b-289a-207d-0176-707158a46df0.md). See notes for 2D export in [IExportContext2D](a4578846-6ecf-e354-668d-96d8ef5d1a32.md). 

# Examples

CopyC#
    
    
    /// <summary>
    /// This method initiates a custom export process for a given 3D view.
    /// </summary>
    internal void ExportA3DView(Document document, View a3DView)
    {
       // Instantiate an export context - the class that receives the output data during 
       // export process. The context class must implement the IExportContext interface.
       MyExportContext context = new MyExportContext(document);
    
       // Create an instance of a custom exporter by giving it a document and the context.
       CustomExporter exporter = new CustomExporter(document, context);
    
       // Optionally set attributes that should apply to the export process. For example:
    
       // a) Exclude OnFaceBegin and OnFaceEnd method from being invoked in the export
       //    context if data about faces and edges are not relevant to the export.
       //    Excluding face nodes would dramatically speed up the export process.
       //    Note: Excluding faces just excludes the calls, not the actual processing of
       //    face tessellation. Meshes of the faces will still be received by the context.
       exporter.IncludeGeometricObjects = false;
    
       // b) Set TRUE or FALSE to abort the export process should an error occur
       exporter.ShouldStopOnError = true;
    
       // Initiate the export process by calling one of Exporter's 'export' method,
       // in this case the one that takes a single 3D view as an argument.
       exporter.Export(a3DView);
    }

CopyVB.NET
    
    
    ' <summary>
    ' This method initiates a custom export process for a given 3D view.
    ' </summary>
    Friend Sub ExportA3DView(document As Document, a3DView As View)
        ' Instantiate an export context - the class that receives the output data during 
        ' export process. The context class must implement the IExportContext interface.
        Dim context As New MyExportContext(document)
    
        ' Create an instance of a custom exporter by giving it a document and the context.
        Dim exporter As New CustomExporter(document, context)
    
        ' Optionally set attributes that should apply to the export process. For example:
    
    
        ' a) Exclude OnFaceBegin and OnFaceEnd method from being invoked in the export
        '    context if data about faces and edges are not relevant to the export.
        '    Excluding face nodes would dramatically speed up the export process.
        '    Note: Excluding faces just excludes the calls, not the actual processing of
        '    face tessellation. Meshes of the faces will still be received by the context.
        exporter.IncludeGeometricObjects = False
    
        ' b) Set TRUE or FALSE to abort the export process should an error occur
        exporter.ShouldStopOnError = True
    
        ' Initiate the export process by calling one of Exporter's 'export' method,
        ' in this case the one that takes a single 3D view as an argument.
        exporter.Export(a3DView)
    End Sub

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..CustomExporter

# See Also

[CustomExporter Members](a6684d1f-2e02-02fe-9904-36b1b96dbe45.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)