

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
FieldBuilder..::..SetDocumentation Method   
[FieldBuilder Class](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Sets the documentation string for the Field. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExtensibleStorage](79486a74-376c-9555-c873-45d5a750f051.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2012 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [FieldBuilder](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.md) SetDocumentation(
    	string documentation
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Function SetDocumentation ( _
    	documentation As String _
    ) As [FieldBuilder](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    [FieldBuilder](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.md)^ SetDocumentation(
    	String^ documentation
    )  
  
#### Parameters

documentation
    Type: System..::..String The documentation string. 

#### Return Value

The FieldBuilder object may be used to add more details to the field. 

# Remarks

While Entities may be hidden using access levels, Schemas and Fields are visible to clients and other developers. In the interest of clarity and interoperability, you are very strongly encouraged to provide good documentation with your Schemas. Explain the intent of the data and how it is meant to be interpreted. It is not useful to repeat information that can be observed directly (e.g. types and units). Note that documentation, like all other contents of Schemas and Fields is immutable once the add-in using the Schema is published. 

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md) | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) | The SchemaBuilder has already finished building the Schema. |
  
# See Also

[FieldBuilder Class](13cd8e7c-acc8-af6e-0ae6-a9b77fcd913c.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExtensibleStorage Namespace](79486a74-376c-9555-c873-45d5a750f051.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)