

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
IExportContext..::..OnLight Method   
[IExportContext Interface](7d0dc6df-db0e-6a07-3b42-8dde1bedb3c1.md) Example See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
This method marks the beginning of export of a light which is enabled for rendering. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    void OnLight(
    	[LightNode](3904e399-f67a-a111-d963-5f91665b233c.md) node
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Sub OnLight ( _
    	node As [LightNode](3904e399-f67a-a111-d963-5f91665b233c.md) _
    )  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    void OnLight(
    	[LightNode](3904e399-f67a-a111-d963-5f91665b233c.md)^ node
    )  
  
#### Parameters

node
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..LightNode](3904e399-f67a-a111-d963-5f91665b233c.md) A node describing the light object. 

# Remarks

This method is only called for photo-rendering export (a custom exporter that implements [IPhotoRenderContext](d09d4ea2-1090-f2b9-8073-5fb8a796babf.md)). 

# Examples

CopyC#
    
    
    /// <summary>
    /// This method is called for instances of lights
    /// </summary>
    /// <remarks>
    /// The Light API can be used to get more information about each particular light
    /// </remarks>
    public void OnLight(LightNode node)
    {
       // Obtain local transform data of the light object.
       Transform lightTrf = node.GetTransform();
    
       // Note: 1. If your light coordinate system differs from the one in REvit, 
       //   The light's local transform should be adjusted to reflect the difference.
    
       // Note 2. This local transform describes the light source position and light direction data.
       //   It means the "TiltAngle" property of a spot light has already been accounted for.
    
       // If a stack of transformation is maintained by the context object,
       // the current combined transform will be multiplied by the local transform.
       Transform lightWorldTrf = m_TransformationStack.Peek().Multiply(lightTrf);
    
    }

CopyVB.NET
    
    
    ' <summary>
    ' This method is called for instances of lights
    ' </summary>
    ' <remarks>
    ' The Light API can be used to get more information about each particular light
    ' </remarks>
    Public Sub OnLight(node As LightNode) Implements IExportContext.OnLight
        ' Obtain local transform data of the light object.
        Dim lightTrf As Transform = node.GetTransform()
    
        ' Note: 1. If your light coordinate system differs from the one in REvit, 
        '   The light's local transform should be adjusted to reflect the difference.
    
    
        ' Note 2. This local transform describes the light source position and light direction data.
        '   It means the "TiltAngle" property of a spot light has already been accounted for.
    
    
        ' If a stack of transformation is maintained by the context object,
        ' the current combined transform will be multiplied by the local transform.
        Dim lightWorldTrf As Transform = m_TransformationStack.Peek().Multiply(lightTrf)
    
    End Sub

# See Also

[IExportContext Interface](7d0dc6df-db0e-6a07-3b42-8dde1bedb3c1.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)