

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
View..::..CropBox Property   
[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
The Crop Box applied to the view, or an outline encompassing the crop region applied to the view.

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public [BoundingBoxXYZ](3c452286-57b1-40e2-2795-c90bff1fcec2.md) CropBox { get; set; }  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Property CropBox As [BoundingBoxXYZ](3c452286-57b1-40e2-2795-c90bff1fcec2.md)
    	Get
    	Set  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
    property [BoundingBoxXYZ](3c452286-57b1-40e2-2795-c90bff1fcec2.md)^ CropBox {
    	[BoundingBoxXYZ](3c452286-57b1-40e2-2795-c90bff1fcec2.md)^ get ();
    	void set ([BoundingBoxXYZ](3c452286-57b1-40e2-2795-c90bff1fcec2.md)^ value);
    }  
  
#### Field Value

nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) if the view is a template, or does not support cropping. If the view has a non-rectangular crop region, defined by a sketch, the crop box will be the smallest box that contains the sketch. Setting the crop box for a view with a non-rectangular crop region will have no effect. For better access to the crop region of a given view, regardless of the shape of the crop region, use the return from [GetCropRegionShapeManager()()()()](e2f53728-9b72-227a-f585-9dccf6d79d9f.md).

# Remarks

The X direction of the box is right on screen; Y is up; and Z is towards the user. The crop box Z value of a plan view is not meaningful.

# Remarks

The effect of setting the crop box of a view is to modify the crop region and far clip plane to the smallest values which will completely contain the 3D box specified by the source. Neither the cut plane nor the view frame are affected by setting the crop box.

# Remarks

Note: the Transform of the input BoundingBoxXYZ is ignored. Only Max and Min members of the input BoundingBoxXYZ are used.

# Exceptions

| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) | Cannot set the CropBox of the specified view. |
  
# See Also

[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)