

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
IDirectContext3DServer..::..RenderScene Method   
[IDirectContext3DServer Interface](7709521d-9954-ef80-1f13-3bc6ee660d5d.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Performs rendering of the scene that the server creates. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.DirectContext3D](f4ba10f0-55ea-5344-173b-688405391794.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2018 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    void RenderScene(
    	[View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md) dBView,
    	[DisplayStyle](c12fdb48-6127-0e0e-0fdc-9f370beb74ca.md) displayStyle
    )  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Sub RenderScene ( _
    	dBView As [View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md), _
    	displayStyle As [DisplayStyle](c12fdb48-6127-0e0e-0fdc-9f370beb74ca.md) _
    )  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    void RenderScene(
    	[View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md)^ dBView, 
    	[DisplayStyle](c12fdb48-6127-0e0e-0fdc-9f370beb74ca.md) displayStyle
    )  
  
#### Parameters

dBView
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md) The view where rendering will occur. 

displayStyle
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..DisplayStyle](c12fdb48-6127-0e0e-0fdc-9f370beb74ca.md) The display style of the view in which the submitted geometry will be drawn. 

# Remarks

The representation of geometry is in terms of a set of vertex and index buffers. The server can use facilities in Autodesk::Revit::DB::DirectContext3D::DrawContext to create the buffers and fill them with data that encode primitives such as triangles, lines, and points. The server can also adjust the geometry that it submits based on the argument to RenderScene() and in response to certain rendering parameters whose values are available through DrawContext (e.g., clip planes).

The final step in the process of submitting geometry for rendering is to call DrawContext::FlushBuffer() for the appropriate buffers.

This interface method may be called in a separate thread from the others.

# See Also

[IDirectContext3DServer Interface](7709521d-9954-ef80-1f13-3bc6ee660d5d.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.DirectContext3D Namespace](f4ba10f0-55ea-5344-173b-688405391794.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)