

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
CompoundStructure Class  
[Members](91f9b904-18cf-44eb-c4fe-66e9d038f156.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Describes the internal structure of a wall, floor, roof or ceiling. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class CompoundStructure : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class CompoundStructure _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class CompoundStructure : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

A compound structure consists a collection of ordered layers, proceeding from exterior to interior for a wall, or from top to bottom for a floor, roof or ceiling. The properties of these layers determine the thickness, material, and function of the overall structure of the associated wall, floor, roof or ceiling. Layers can be accessed via the [GetLayers()()()()](105b59e9-9cea-1988-a5a7-cc9cde49145c.md) method and completely replaced using SetLayers. Layers can also be accessed and modified individually using the "layer index", which is a value from in the range [0, LayerCount) identifying the layer in the structure. 

A structure supports the concept of "core layers" and "shell layers". There are two layer indices which identify where the boundary between core and shell layers occur in the list of layers. The boundaries between shell and core layers are identifiable using [GetFirstCoreLayerIndex()()()()](db2884a9-bd2a-e7be-eb95-d8dd5e74ee59.md), [GetLastCoreLayerIndex()()()()](4e32008c-8d6a-5368-a4d9-4e3e103bce9d.md), [GetCoreBoundaryLayerIndex(ShellLayerType)](33a4b0ce-7694-bf4f-81a0-a8b66fa3cade.md) or [GetNumberOfShellLayers(ShellLayerType)](68e04211-03ea-f0c6-50d5-b38fee4e7536.md). The core layer boundary can be changed with [SetNumberOfShellLayers(ShellLayerType, Int32)](8b8ea4e3-e697-6176-92c0-dc2687723a71.md). 

Compound structures may be vertically compound. If [IsVerticallyCompound](cd352f22-8ca4-b3b6-f247-d9865a91bb6f.md) is false, the CompoundStructure describes a series of parallel layers, each with specified width, function, material and other properties. If [IsVerticallyCompound](cd352f22-8ca4-b3b6-f247-d9865a91bb6f.md) is true (which should apply only for CompoundStructures assigned to walls) then horizontal sections at different elevations may have different layered structures. In this case, the structure describes a vertical section via a rectangle which is divided into polygonal regions whose sides are all vertical or horizontal segments. A map associates each of these regions with the index of a layer in the CompoundStructure which determines the properties of that region.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..CompoundStructure

# See Also

[CompoundStructure Members](91f9b904-18cf-44eb-c4fe-66e9d038f156.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)