

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
FabricationNetworkChangeService Class  
[Members](894a23f2-d1a1-23ba-5b28-4478235b26fa.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
This class represents the fabrication part change service and change size tools. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Fabrication](49e74a25-7ea1-efa6-548a-a3c3d0655e43.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2018.2 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class FabricationNetworkChangeService : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class FabricationNetworkChangeService _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class FabricationNetworkChangeService : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

After a new instance of the class is created, call the **ChangeService** method to change the service of the fabrication parts or call the **ChangeSize** method to change the size of the fabrication parts. There is another workflow allowing for more control, call **SetSelection** to set the selection of fabrication parts to change. To change the service, call **SetServiceId** and **SetPaletteId** to set the service identifier and palette identifier. Changing the service there is an optional methods **GetInLinePartTypes** and **SetMapOfSizesForStraights** that can be called to replace in-line valves and dampers to the corresponding parts for the new service. The size can also be changed by calling **GetMapOfAllSizesForStraights** that will return a FabricationPartSizeMapSet containing a map of sizes for all straights found in the selection of fabrication parts. The FabricationPartSizeMapSet can then be modified to set the mapped values for the new size for the fabrication part straights and then call **SetMapOfSizesForStraights** set the new sizes that are to be applied. Finally call **ApplyChange** to apply the previously set parameters to the selection of fabrication parts. 

  * [GetStraightsThatWereNotChanged()()()()](644c47d9-806b-cd68-bf3e-0f8997c89f50.md) to get a set of fabrication part straight element identifiers that were not changed.
  * [GetElementsThatFailed()()()()](7bc30db4-1cae-1acb-c346-d164d5b90822.md) to get a set of fabrication part element identifiers that had failures.



# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB.Fabrication..::..FabricationNetworkChangeService

# See Also

[FabricationNetworkChangeService Members](894a23f2-d1a1-23ba-5b28-4478235b26fa.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Fabrication Namespace](49e74a25-7ea1-efa6-548a-a3c3d0655e43.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)