

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ExportLayerTable Class  
[Members](26273ccb-19e1-1f31-edf1-627595253daa.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
A table supporting a mapping of category and subcategory to layer name and other layer properties that will be set in the target export format. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class ExportLayerTable : IEnumerable<KeyValuePair<[ExportLayerKey](64d77004-5c0c-9af2-cae4-39448bbaffe9.md), [ExportLayerInfo](88a99694-968a-99f7-870a-f46737bd5927.md)>>, 
    	IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class ExportLayerTable _
    	Implements IEnumerable(Of KeyValuePair(Of [ExportLayerKey](64d77004-5c0c-9af2-cae4-39448bbaffe9.md), [ExportLayerInfo](88a99694-968a-99f7-870a-f46737bd5927.md))),  _
    	IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class ExportLayerTable : IEnumerable<KeyValuePair<[ExportLayerKey](64d77004-5c0c-9af2-cae4-39448bbaffe9.md)^, [ExportLayerInfo](88a99694-968a-99f7-870a-f46737bd5927.md)^>>, 
    	IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

This table is structured as a mapping from [ExportLayerKey](64d77004-5c0c-9af2-cae4-39448bbaffe9.md) to [ExportLayerInfo](88a99694-968a-99f7-870a-f46737bd5927.md) members. The [ExportLayerKey](64d77004-5c0c-9af2-cae4-39448bbaffe9.md) contains the identification information for the layer table: the Revit category and subcategory names. In addition, the key contains a [SpecialType](c4dd5703-709a-729c-7ec5-c7f16c77cf38.md) member used only to represent non-Revit categories that can be assigned specific layer information on export. The [ExportLayerInfo](88a99694-968a-99f7-870a-f46737bd5927.md) contains the exported layer name, color name, and layer modifiers for standard and cut representations.

The table can be accessed via direct iteration as a collection of KeyValuePairs, or by traversal of the stored keys obtained from GetKeys(), or via specific lookup of a key constructed externally. In all cases, the [ExportLayerInfo](88a99694-968a-99f7-870a-f46737bd5927.md) returned will be a copy of the [ExportLayerInfo](88a99694-968a-99f7-870a-f46737bd5927.md) from the table. In order to make changes to the [ExportLayerInfo](88a99694-968a-99f7-870a-f46737bd5927.md) and use those settings during export, set the modified [ExportLayerInfo](88a99694-968a-99f7-870a-f46737bd5927.md) back into the table using the same key.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ExportLayerTable

# See Also

[ExportLayerTable Members](26273ccb-19e1-1f31-edf1-627595253daa.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)