

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
FileOpenDialog Class  
[Members](81198276-fae1-c22e-a3f6-fc9d60a69f58.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
This class allows an add-in to prompt the user with the Revit dialog used to navigate to and select an existing file path. This dialog is typically used to select a file for opening or importing. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2017 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class FileOpenDialog : [FileDialog](99bb6529-12de-a126-50f7-39346dd5b48d.md)  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class FileOpenDialog _
    	Inherits [FileDialog](99bb6529-12de-a126-50f7-39346dd5b48d.md)  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class FileOpenDialog : public [FileDialog](99bb6529-12de-a126-50f7-39346dd5b48d.md)  
  
# Remarks

The behavior and appearance of this dialog matches the Revit "Open" dialog. This is a general-purpose dialog for opening any given file type, and options to configure settings like worksharing options will not be included.

The user will be prompted to select an existing file that matches one of the provided filters. The user may not enter a file name that does not exist.

The folder location shown when the dialog is displayed defaults to the most recently used file location for opening or importing.

Use of this dialog does not actually open an existing file, but it will provide the selected file path back to the caller to take any action necessary.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.UI..::..FileDialog](99bb6529-12de-a126-50f7-39346dd5b48d.md) Autodesk.Revit.UI..::..FileOpenDialog

# See Also

[FileOpenDialog Members](81198276-fae1-c22e-a3f6-fc9d60a69f58.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)