

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
TransactionGroup Class  
[Members](d1370877-0cb8-cfd2-b09f-d06b1290f54e.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Transaction groups aggregate a number of transactions. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2011 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class TransactionGroup : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class TransactionGroup _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class TransactionGroup : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

A transaction group controls whether transactions committed inside the group should stay committed or should be all discarded. If the group is committed, all the transactions remain committed, but if the transaction group is rolled back instead, all the inner, already committed transactions will be undone (and removed).

There are two ways of committing a group - Commit and Assimilate. By committing, all transactions committed inside a group stay as they are, while by assimilating, all inner transactions will be merged into a single transaction.

A transaction group can only be started when no transaction is active, and must be closed only after the last transaction started inside the group is finished, i.e. after it was either committed or rolled back.

Transaction groups may be nested inside each other with the restriction that every nested transaction group is entirely contained (opened and closed) in the parent transaction group.

If a transaction group was started and not finished yet by the time the TransactionGroup object is about to be, the default destructor will roll it back automatically, thus all changes made to the document while this transaction group was open will be discarded. It is not recommended to rely on this default behavior though. Instead, it is advised to always call either [Commit()()()()](11878443-43f2-63fb-a95d-baa1eeab776d.md), [RollBack()()()()](2efcf628-bb40-bf36-a2e4-eaeca4cca461.md), or [Assimilate()()()()](158471e4-5554-16ed-f9bf-f7499b86309c.md) explicitly before the group object gets destroyed. Please note that unless invoked explicitly the actual destruction of an object in managed code might not happen until the object is collected by the garbage collector.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..TransactionGroup

# See Also

[TransactionGroup Members](d1370877-0cb8-cfd2-b09f-d06b1290f54e.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)