

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
UIControlledApplication..::..ViewActivating Event  
[UIControlledApplication Class](4638c568-a118-1d57-ceed-a57595202644.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
Subscribe to the ViewActivating event to be notified when Revit is just about to activate a view of a document. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2010 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public event EventHandler<[ViewActivatingEventArgs](3b279e84-422c-ddc4-44df-fa5498124b14.md)> ViewActivating  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Event ViewActivating As EventHandler(Of [ViewActivatingEventArgs](3b279e84-422c-ddc4-44df-fa5498124b14.md))  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public:
     event EventHandler<[ViewActivatingEventArgs](3b279e84-422c-ddc4-44df-fa5498124b14.md)^>^ ViewActivating {
    	void add (EventHandler<[ViewActivatingEventArgs](3b279e84-422c-ddc4-44df-fa5498124b14.md)^>^ value);
    	void remove (EventHandler<[ViewActivatingEventArgs](3b279e84-422c-ddc4-44df-fa5498124b14.md)^>^ value);
    }  
  
# Remarks

This event is raised when Revit is just about to activate a view of the document.

Event is not cancellable. The 'Cancellable' property of event's argument is always False. Your application is responsible for providing feedback to the user about the reason for the cancellation.

The document may be modified during this event.

The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 

  * [Close()()()()](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.md) and similar overloads.
  * [Save()()()()](8dec13b6-71f4-45d2-74e3-b109153721b5.md) and similar overloads.
  * [SaveAs(String)](25c44d4a-b220-5898-b28c-a2cf6a8a8673.md) and similar overloads.



Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md) will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.

Another [ViewActivated](b208aae7-5cbf-21b4-b70e-af2e63ece383.md) event will be raised immediately after view activating is finished.

# See Also

[UIControlledApplication Class](4638c568-a118-1d57-ceed-a57595202644.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)