

Collapse AllExpand All Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++

Revit 2024 API  
---  
ExternalResourceReference Class  
[Members](dbd1a1bb-2419-96be-f4e0-bea9c627cd9a.md) See Also [Send Feedback](javascript:SubmitFeedback\('revitapifeedback@autodesk.com','Revit 2024 API','','','','%0\\dYour%20feedback%20is%20used%20to%20improve%20the%20documentation%20and%20the%20product.%20Your%20e-mail%20address%20will%20not%20be%20used%20for%20any%20other%20purpose%20and%20is%20disposed%20of%20after%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20is%20resolved.%20%20While%20working%20to%20resolve%20the%20issue%20that%20you%20report,%20you%20may%20be%20contacted%20via%20e-mail%20to%20get%20further%20details%20or%20clarification%20on%20the%20feedback%20you%20sent.%20After%20the%20issue%20you%20report%20has%20been%20addressed,%20you%20may%20receive%20an%20e-mail%20to%20let%20you%20know%20that%20your%20feedback%20has%20been%20addressed.%0\\A%0\\d','Customer%20Feedback'\);)  
---  
  
This class identifies an external resource provided by an IExternalResourceServer. 

**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015 

# Syntax

C#  
---  
      
    
    public class ExternalResourceReference : IDisposable  
  
Visual Basic  
---  
      
    
    Public Class ExternalResourceReference _
    	Implements IDisposable  
  
Visual C++  
---  
      
    
    public ref class ExternalResourceReference : IDisposable  
  
# Remarks

The class contains:

  * The id of the IExternalResourceServer from which the resource was obtained.
  * A (String, String) map containing information that is meaningful to the server for accessing the desired data. This could be something as simple as "4" to indicate that Revit wants option 4 from a range of several choices, or something more detailed, such as a filename or directory path.
  * A String indicating the version of the resource that was most recently loaded in Revit.
  * A (String, String) map containing "in session" information that is meaningful to the server, but which does not need to be saved permanently in the document on disk.



When calling an IExternalResourceServer, Revit will provide an ExternalResourceReference to identify the specific resource that Revit is using from that server. The server can then use the relevant information in the (String, String) maps to retrieve the data from the correct source.

# Inheritance Hierarchy

System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ExternalResourceReference

# See Also

[ExternalResourceReference Members](dbd1a1bb-2419-96be-f4e0-bea9c627cd9a.md)

[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md)

Send comments on this topic to [Autodesk](mailto:revitapifeedback%40autodesk.com?Subject=Revit 2024 API)