# ViewsExportingByContext Event (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
Application..::..ViewsExportingByContext Event  
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.md "Application Class") See Also  
---  
Subscribe to the ViewsExportingByContext event to be notified when Revit is just about to export one or more views of the document via an export context by CustomExporter. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md "Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2021 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public event EventHandler<ViewsExportingByContextEventArgs> ViewsExportingByContext
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Event ViewsExportingByContext As EventHandler(Of ViewsExportingByContextEventArgs)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
 event EventHandler<ViewsExportingByContextEventArgs^>^ ViewsExportingByContext {
	void add (EventHandler<ViewsExportingByContextEventArgs^>^ value);
	void remove (EventHandler<ViewsExportingByContextEventArgs^>^ value);
}
```
  
# Remarks
This event is raised when Revit is just about to export views of the document via an export context by CustomExporter.
Handlers of this event are permitted to make modifications to any document (including the active document), except for documents that are currently in read-only mode. 
Event is cancellable. To cancel it, call the 'Cancel()' method in event's argument to True.
The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 
  * [Close()()()()](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.md "Close Method") and similar overloads.

Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md "InvalidOperationException Class") will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.
Another event [ViewsExportedByContext](8488474a-5499-567b-4505-89ba6c401c63.md "ViewsExportedByContext Event") will be raised immediately after view exporting by CustomExporter is finished.
# See Also
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.md "Application Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md "Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 