# GetHookTypeIdAtIndex Method (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
RebarFreeFormAccessor..::..GetHookTypeIdAtIndex Method   
[RebarFreeFormAccessor Class](bf146aa3-f780-646e-c3cd-42e7a61d18e6.md "RebarFreeFormAccessor Class") See Also  
---  
Gets the id of the RebarHookType that is applied to this Rebar at the bar with index barPositionIndex at the specified end. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2019 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public ElementId GetHookTypeIdAtIndex(
	int barPositionIndex,
	int end
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Function GetHookTypeIdAtIndex ( _
	barPositionIndex As Integer, _
	end As Integer _
) As ElementId
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
ElementId^ GetHookTypeIdAtIndex(
	int barPositionIndex, 
	int end
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
barPositionIndex
    Type: System..::..Int32 An index between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). 
end
    Type: System..::..Int32 0 for the start hook, 1 for the end hook. 
# ### Return Value
The id of a RebarHookType, or invalidElementId if the rebar has no hook at the specified end. 
# Remarks
If this Rebar has Workshop Instructions set to Straight will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetHookTypeId(int end).
If this Rebar has Workshop Instructions set to Bent there are different cases: 
  * All bars are matched exactly with a shape. In this case will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetHookTypeId(int end).
  * All bars are matched in reversed order with a shape. In this case will return the same value for all barPositionIndex between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). This value will be the same as Rebar.GetHookTypeId(int end).
  * Some bars are matched in reversed order and the others are matched exactly with a shape. In this case for bars that are matched reversed will return the id of the RebarHookType at the opposite end. For the others bars will return the same as Rebar.GetHookTypeId(int end).

# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.md "ArgumentOutOfRangeException Class") | end must be 0 or 1. -or- barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ]. |

# See Also
[RebarFreeFormAccessor Class](bf146aa3-f780-646e-c3cd-42e7a61d18e6.md "RebarFreeFormAccessor Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 