# FailuresProcessing Event (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
ControlledApplication..::..FailuresProcessing Event  
[ControlledApplication Class](35859972-2407-3910-cb07-bbb337e307e6.md "ControlledApplication Class") See Also  
---  
Subscribe to the FailuresProcessing event to be notified when failures are being processed at the end of transaction. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md "Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2011 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public event EventHandler<FailuresProcessingEventArgs> FailuresProcessing
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Event FailuresProcessing As EventHandler(Of FailuresProcessingEventArgs)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
 event EventHandler<FailuresProcessingEventArgs^>^ FailuresProcessing {
	void add (EventHandler<FailuresProcessingEventArgs^>^ value);
	void remove (EventHandler<FailuresProcessingEventArgs^>^ value);
}
```
  
# Remarks
This event is raised when failures are being processed during transaction commit or rollback operations. Handlers of this event have a limited ability to modify the document and/or failures in it, using the provided restricted failures accessor interface. 
The event arguments provide access to the FailuresAccessor via [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::FailuresProcessingEventArgs::GetFailuresAccessor()] which contains the details of the errors and/or warnings that caused the event to trigger. 
The arguments also allow you to set a processing result via [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::FailuresProcessingEventArgs::SetProcessingResult()]. The processing result determines if Revit will attempt to recommit the currently failing transaction, roll it back, or continue. If you are explicitly dismissing warnings from the event callback, a processing result of Continue is sufficient. But if you are explicitly resolving errors from the event callback, you must change the processing result to ProceedWithCommit to ensure that the user is not shown the dismissed errors. If you wish to cancel the transaction silently without showing the errors to the user, set the processing result to ProceedWithRollback, however you must also call [SetClearAfterRollback(Boolean)](bebe6efd-b05f-7a0b-4cc3-609ec35be42c.md "SetClearAfterRollback Method") in order to dismiss the errors and silently cancel the transaction.
# See Also
[ControlledApplication Class](35859972-2407-3910-cb07-bbb337e307e6.md "ControlledApplication Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md "Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 