# SetElementFilter Method (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
ParameterFilterElement..::..SetElementFilter Method   
[ParameterFilterElement Class](b231dc85-516a-5e75-c634-c6cd81b43fc5.md "ParameterFilterElement Class") See Also  
---  
Sets the rules that must be satisfied for a given element to pass this filter. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2019 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public bool SetElementFilter(
	ElementFilter elementFilter
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Function SetElementFilter ( _
	elementFilter As ElementFilter _
) As Boolean
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
bool SetElementFilter(
	ElementFilter^ elementFilter
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
elementFilter
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementFilter](b8b46cbf-9ecc-0745-ec53-c3c3b6510113.md "ElementFilter Class") An ElementFilter representing the rules. It may be an ElementParameterFilter representing a conjunction of one or more FilterRules, or an ElementLogicalFilter (of type LogicalAndFilter or LogicalOrFilter) representing a logical combination of FilterRules, using AND/OR operations. 
# ### Return Value
Returns true if this ParameterFilterElement was changed, false if not. It will not be changed if the input rules are equivalent to the ParameterFilterElement's existing rules. 
# Remarks
Note that in some situation, calling GetElementFilter after calling SetElementFilter may return an ElementFilter that is structurally different from the one passed as input to SetElementFilter. For example, if the input ElementFilter contains an ElementParameterFilter that contains more than one FilterRule, and if the view filters dialog box is used in between the calls to SetElementFilter and GetElementFilter, the output ElementFilter will use a single ElementParameterFilter for each of the FilterRules that were bundled in an input ElementParameterFilter. The two ElementFilters will be logically and functionally equivalent in the sense that any given Element will either be accepted by both ElementFilters or rejected by both ElementFilters. 
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md "ArgumentException Class") | One of the given rules refers to a parameter that does not apply to this filter's categories. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md "ArgumentNullException Class") | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentsInconsistentException](05972c68-fa6d-3a83-d720-ad84fbc4780f.md "ArgumentsInconsistentException Class") | The ElementFilter is not acceptable for use by a ParameterFilterElement. |

# See Also
[ParameterFilterElement Class](b231dc85-516a-5e75-c634-c6cd81b43fc5.md "ParameterFilterElement Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 