# RevisionCloud Class (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
RevisionCloud Class  
[Members](17ea7caf-6857-ef7b-7611-9e6cf9cd2708.md "RevisionCloud Members") See Also  
---  
A RevisionCloud is a graphical "cloud" that can be displayed on a view or sheet to indicate where revisions in the model have occurred. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2015 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class RevisionCloud : Element
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class RevisionCloud _
	Inherits Element
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class RevisionCloud : public Element
```
  
# Remarks
RevisionClouds are view specific and can be created in most graphical views, except 3D. Unlike most Elements, RevisionClouds may be added directly to a ViewSheet. Each RevisionCloud is associated with one Revision. 
When a RevisionCloud is visible on a ViewSheet (either because it is directly placed on that ViewSheet or because it is visible in a View placed on the ViewSheet), any revision schedules displayed on the ViewSheet will automatically include the Revision associated with the RevisionCloud.
Note also that when a RevisionCloud is created in a ViewLegend, it is treated as a legend representation of what a RevisionCloud looks like rather than as an actual indication of a change to the model. As a result, RevisionClouds in ViewLegends will not affect the contents of revision schedules.
RevisionClouds are created from a collection of sketched curves. Each curve will have a series of "cloud bumps" drawn along it to form the appearance of a cloud. There is no requirement that the curves form closed loops.
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md "Element Class") Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..RevisionCloud
# See Also
[RevisionCloud Members](17ea7caf-6857-ef7b-7611-9e6cf9cd2708.md "RevisionCloud Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 