# GetModelToProjectionTransforms Method (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
View..::..GetModelToProjectionTransforms Method   
[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md "View Class") See Also  
---  
Gets the transforms from the model space to the view projection space. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2023 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public IList<TransformWithBoundary> GetModelToProjectionTransforms()
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Function GetModelToProjectionTransforms As IList(Of TransformWithBoundary)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
IList<TransformWithBoundary^>^ GetModelToProjectionTransforms()
```
  
# ### Return Value
The transformations from the model space to view projection space. 
# Remarks
Model space is the global 3D coordinate space in which the geometry of the model lives.
View projection space is the 3D Euclidean space with a coordinate system such that X and Y are horizontal and vertical directions in the view projection plane and Z is the cross product of X and Y. Distances in the projection space are the same as would be measured on paper if the view is printed without additional scaling.
Most views will return just one [TransformWithBoundary](5d7db6ff-8538-2c84-8e39-d683e0de9ca5.md "TransformWithBoundary Class"). The exceptions are views with split crop regions. Split crop regions can be independently moved and therefore each region of a split crop gets its own transform and boundary. You can check if a view has split crop regions by getting the [ViewCropRegionShapeManager](2610cb66-5dae-9fc8-4e83-7dfe88085abb.md "ViewCropRegionShapeManager Class") and calling [!:ViewCropRegionShapeManager.IsSplit()]. 
When the view's crop region is split, many TransformWithBoundary objects will be returned. Each TransformWithBoundary corresponds to one region of the split crop. To determine which TransformWithBoundary to use when converting a model point into view projection space, first test to see which split crop region boundary contains the model point. See [!:TransformWithBoundary.GetBoundary()]. 
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md "InvalidOperationException Class") | The view does not return transforms. -or- The view is a perspective view. |

# See Also
[View Class](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md "View Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 