# GetTransformedCenterlineCurves Method (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
Rebar..::..GetTransformedCenterlineCurves Method   
[Rebar Class](70fd7426-f4a4-591c-8c06-3c18dda45e7d.md "Rebar Class") See Also  
---  
A chain of curves representing the centerline of the rebar. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2022 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public IList<Curve> GetTransformedCenterlineCurves(
	bool adjustForSelfIntersection,
	bool suppressHooks,
	bool suppressBendRadius,
	MultiplanarOption multiplanarOption,
	int barPositionIndex
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Function GetTransformedCenterlineCurves ( _
	adjustForSelfIntersection As Boolean, _
	suppressHooks As Boolean, _
	suppressBendRadius As Boolean, _
	multiplanarOption As MultiplanarOption, _
	barPositionIndex As Integer _
) As IList(Of Curve)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
IList<Curve^>^ GetTransformedCenterlineCurves(
	bool adjustForSelfIntersection, 
	bool suppressHooks, 
	bool suppressBendRadius, 
	MultiplanarOption multiplanarOption, 
	int barPositionIndex
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
adjustForSelfIntersection
    Type: System..::..Boolean If the curves overlap, as in a planar stirrup, this parameter controls whether they should be adjusted to avoid intersection (as in fine views), or kept in a single plane for simplicity (as in coarse views). 
suppressHooks
    Type: System..::..Boolean Identifies if the chain will include hooks curves. 
suppressBendRadius
    Type: System..::..Boolean Identifies if the connected chain will include unfilleted curves. 
multiplanarOption
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..MultiplanarOption](37cc5a15-0771-41dd-4456-6820c7cef725.md "MultiplanarOption Enumeration") If the Rebar is a multi-planar shape, this parameter controls whether to generate only the curves in the primary plane (IncludeOnlyPlanarCurves), or to generate all curves, (IncludeAllMultiplanarCurves) including the out-of-plane connector segments as well as multi-planar copies of the primary plane curves. This argument is ignored for planar shapes. 
barPositionIndex
    Type: System..::..Int32 The bar index. 
# ### Return Value
The centerline curves or empty array if the curves cannot be computed because the parameters values are inconsistent with the constraints of the RebarShape definition. 
# Remarks
This method will return the centerline curves for bar at barPositionIndex even if this bar isn't included. The curves are in the final position. The BarPositionTransform (representing the relative position of any individual bar in the set - a translation along the distribution path) and MovedBarTransform (representing the movement of the bar relative to its default position along the distribution path) will be applied to the returned curves. 
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.md "ArgumentOutOfRangeException Class") | barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ]. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration |

# See Also
[Rebar Class](70fd7426-f4a4-591c-8c06-3c18dda45e7d.md "Rebar Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 