# FillGrid Class (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
FillGrid Class  
[Members](718e6199-8202-a0fb-6359-c1815e746572.md "FillGrid Members") See Also  
---  
Represents a grid line in a fill pattern. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2012 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class FillGrid : IDisposable
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class FillGrid _
	Implements IDisposable
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class FillGrid : IDisposable
```
  
# Remarks
A grid line is described in the two dimensions of a face as follows: angle, origin, shift, offset, segments 
  * Angle specifies the direction, in degrees, of the grid line relative to the x-axis. 
  * Parallel lines are drawn as specified by Offset and Shift to fill the entire face. Offset defines the distance between parallel lines. Zero Offset is not allowed. Shift moves the pattern of dashes and spaces along the length of each new parallel line. Shift is ignored if the line is solid.
  * The segments defines a repeating pattern of dashes and spaces for the grid line. If it is omitted, the line is solid. Positive numbers define dashes, negative numbers define spaces, and zero specifies a dot. If you begin a pattern with a space, do not alternate dashes and spaces, or do not end with a space, Revit will introduce tiny dashes or spaces to compensate. Revit expands dots and very short dashes into dashes of a minimum size.

# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..FillGrid
# See Also
[FillGrid Members](718e6199-8202-a0fb-6359-c1815e746572.md "FillGrid Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 