# LinkLoadContent Class (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
LinkLoadContent Class  
[Members](b1462f47-12b9-9924-c007-31871ebe5a6d.md "LinkLoadContent Members") See Also  
---  
This class is used by IExternalResourceServers to return Link data to Revit when their LoadResource method is invoked. It also contains additional information used by IExternalResourceUIServers to display link load status results to the user. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2015 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class LinkLoadContent : ExternalResourceLoadContent
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class LinkLoadContent _
	Inherits ExternalResourceLoadContent
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class LinkLoadContent : public ExternalResourceLoadContent
```
  
# Remarks
This class handles Revit links.
Revit links must be loaded from a path accessible to Revit. Server implementors should provide Revit with a ModelPath representing a location from which to load the link. Revit will handle the actual file loading.
Servers which represent non-local file locations will need to create their own implementation for copying or moving files to a Revit-accessible location.
The link data path used for link loading may be different from the path displayed to the user. The link data path represents the literal location of the file, whereas the link's display path represents what the user sees as the name of the link. See [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::ExternalResourceReference::InSessionPath] for more details on display paths.
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ExternalResourceLoadContent](1747ac99-aaa5-70b9-5d1f-89e72539f497.md "ExternalResourceLoadContent Class") Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..LinkLoadContent
# See Also
[LinkLoadContent Members](b1462f47-12b9-9924-c007-31871ebe5a6d.md "LinkLoadContent Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 