# ReInsert Method (Definition, Binding, BuiltInParameterGroup) (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
BindingMap..::..ReInsert Method (Definition, Binding, BuiltInParameterGroup)  
[BindingMap Class](4ce777fb-ab30-6d15-d019-5b430223ac62.md "BindingMap Class") See Also  
---  
Removes an existing parameter and creates a new binding for a given parameter in a specified group.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public virtual bool ReInsert(
	Definition key,
	Binding item,
	BuiltInParameterGroup parameterGroup
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Overridable Function ReInsert ( _
	key As Definition, _
	item As Binding, _
	parameterGroup As BuiltInParameterGroup _
) As Boolean
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
virtual bool ReInsert(
	Definition^ key, 
	Binding^ item, 
	BuiltInParameterGroup parameterGroup
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
key
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Definition](8fe04f37-04e1-9e93-ffdb-e3900908e42a.md "Definition Class") A parameter definition which can be an existing definition or one from a shared parameters file. 
item
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Binding](47f6ad6f-8d00-af57-995e-dc6db1255f58.md "Binding Class") An InstanceBinding or TypeBinding object which contains the set of categories to which the parameter should be bound. 
parameterGroup
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..BuiltInParameterGroup](9942b791-2892-0658-303e-abf99675c5a6.md "BuiltInParameterGroup Enumeration") The GroupID of the parameter definition, or INVALID if the parameter is not to be associated with any predefined group.
# Remarks
Note the type of the binding object dictates whether the parameter is bound to all instances or just types. A parameter definition cannot be bound to both instances and types. If the parameter binding already exists, remove the binding, create a new parameter binding. If the parameter binding related to the input key doesn't exist in the database, ReInsert will fail and false will be returned. In this case, Insert should be called.
# See Also
[BindingMap Class](4ce777fb-ab30-6d15-d019-5b430223ac62.md "BindingMap Class")
[ReInsert Overload](8ac26661-1c4b-6ba1-417f-e4ea09acf32c.md "ReInsert Method")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 