# GetCenterlineCurves Method (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
Rebar..::..GetCenterlineCurves Method   
[Rebar Class](70fd7426-f4a4-591c-8c06-3c18dda45e7d.md "Rebar Class") See Also  
---  
A chain of curves representing the centerline of the rebar. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2017 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public IList<Curve> GetCenterlineCurves(
	bool adjustForSelfIntersection,
	bool suppressHooks,
	bool suppressBendRadius,
	MultiplanarOption multiplanarOption,
	int barPositionIndex
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Function GetCenterlineCurves ( _
	adjustForSelfIntersection As Boolean, _
	suppressHooks As Boolean, _
	suppressBendRadius As Boolean, _
	multiplanarOption As MultiplanarOption, _
	barPositionIndex As Integer _
) As IList(Of Curve)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
IList<Curve^>^ GetCenterlineCurves(
	bool adjustForSelfIntersection, 
	bool suppressHooks, 
	bool suppressBendRadius, 
	MultiplanarOption multiplanarOption, 
	int barPositionIndex
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
adjustForSelfIntersection
    Type: System..::..Boolean If the curves overlap, as in a planar stirrup, this parameter controls whether they should be adjusted to avoid intersection (as in fine views), or kept in a single plane for simplicity (as in coarse views). 
suppressHooks
    Type: System..::..Boolean Identifies if the chain will include hooks curves. 
suppressBendRadius
    Type: System..::..Boolean Identifies if the connected chain will include unfilleted curves. 
multiplanarOption
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure..::..MultiplanarOption](37cc5a15-0771-41dd-4456-6820c7cef725.md "MultiplanarOption Enumeration") If the Rebar is a multi-planar shape, this parameter controls whether to generate only the curves in the primary plane (IncludeOnlyPlanarCurves), or to generate all curves, (IncludeAllMultiplanarCurves) including the out-of-plane connector segments as well as multi-planar copies of the primary plane curves. This argument is ignored for planar shapes. 
barPositionIndex
    Type: System..::..Int32 An index between 0 and (NumberOfBarPositions-1). Use the barPositionIndex to obtain all the curves at a specific index in the distribution. You can use GetNumberOfBarPositions() to verify if a specific rebar has more than one bar positions. Use GetDistributionType() to probe if the bars in a specific rebar have a varying shape. If so, you can retrieve the centerline curve geometry of that particular bar, by passing the appropriate index. When the distribution type of a rebar set is uniform, the form of the bars does not vary from one index to another. 
# ### Return Value
The centerline curves or empty array if the curves cannot be computed because the parameters values are inconsistent with the constraints of the RebarShape definition. 
# Remarks
This method will return the centerline curves for bar at barPositionIndex even if this bar isn't included. 
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.md "ArgumentOutOfRangeException Class") | barPositionIndex is not in the range [ 0, NumberOfBarPositions-1 ]. -or- A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration |

# See Also
[Rebar Class](70fd7426-f4a4-591c-8c06-3c18dda45e7d.md "Rebar Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 