# IsResourceWellFormed Method (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
IExternalResourceServer..::..IsResourceWellFormed Method   
[IExternalResourceServer Interface](c2ad8eee-b358-012b-a09b-8fbc3229652d.md "IExternalResourceServer Interface") See Also  
---  
Implement this method to check whether the given ExternalResourceReference is formatted correctly for this server. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2015 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
bool IsResourceWellFormed(
	ExternalResourceReference extRef
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Function IsResourceWellFormed ( _
	extRef As ExternalResourceReference _
) As Boolean
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
bool IsResourceWellFormed(
	ExternalResourceReference^ extRef
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
extRef
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ExternalResourceReference](ffad9c15-8fc9-fbfd-f328-101533f4cf74.md "ExternalResourceReference Class") The ExternalResourceReference to check. 
# ### Return Value
True if the ExternalResourceReference represents a well-formed resource. False otherwise. 
# Remarks
Different servers will have different requirements.
A server which loads references from a website might require that the reference map contain a key called "URL" and a value that is a valid URL. 
A server which loads references from a network drive might require a key called "Drive" with a value that represents a drive name, plus a key called "Path" with a value that corresponds to a path relative to the root of the drive. 
This function should not check that the resource exists on the server. It should only check that the resource is formatted correctly.
# See Also
[IExternalResourceServer Interface](c2ad8eee-b358-012b-a09b-8fbc3229652d.md "IExternalResourceServer Interface")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 