# FileSaveDialog Class (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
FileSaveDialog Class  
[Members](1b64fcfc-02f0-d317-f182-360e3737c85a.md "FileSaveDialog Members") See Also  
---  
This class allows an add-in to prompt the user with the Revit dialog used to navigate to and select an existing or new file path. This dialog is typically used to enter a file name for saving or exporting. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md "Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2017 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class FileSaveDialog : FileDialog
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class FileSaveDialog _
	Inherits FileDialog
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class FileSaveDialog : public FileDialog
```
  
# Remarks
The behavior and appearance of this dialog matches the Revit "Save as" dialog. This is a general-purpose dialog for saving any given file type, and the Options shown in the dialog for Revit projects and families will not be shown. To prompt the user to save the active Revit document specifically, use UIDocument.SaveAs(UISaveAsOptions) instead.
The user will be requested to select or enter a file name matching the corresponding filter. If an existing file is selected, there will be a default prompt about overwriting the file shown, where the user can confirm or cancel this file selection.
The folder location shown when the dialog is displayed defaults to the most recently used file location for saving or exporting.
Use of this dialog does not actually save an existing file, but it will provide the selected file path back to the caller to take any action necessary.
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.UI..::..FileDialog](99bb6529-12de-a126-50f7-39346dd5b48d.md "FileDialog Class") Autodesk.Revit.UI..::..FileSaveDialog
# See Also
[FileSaveDialog Members](1b64fcfc-02f0-d317-f182-360e3737c85a.md "FileSaveDialog Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md "Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 