# DocumentSaved Event (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
ControlledApplication..::..DocumentSaved Event  
[ControlledApplication Class](35859972-2407-3910-cb07-bbb337e307e6.md "ControlledApplication Class") See Also  
---  
Subscribe to the DocumentSaved event to be notified immediately after Revit has finished saving a document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md "Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2010 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public event EventHandler<DocumentSavedEventArgs> DocumentSaved
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Event DocumentSaved As EventHandler(Of DocumentSavedEventArgs)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
 event EventHandler<DocumentSavedEventArgs^>^ DocumentSaved {
	void add (EventHandler<DocumentSavedEventArgs^>^ value);
	void remove (EventHandler<DocumentSavedEventArgs^>^ value);
}
```
  
# Remarks
This event is raised immediately after Revit has finished saving a document. Note that the first save of a newly created document will raise [DocumentSavedAs](6d3e2981-dfe0-fd33-9bd0-57e04815c4fd.md "DocumentSavedAs Event") rather than the DocumentSaved event. It is raised even when document saving failed or was cancelled (during DocumentSaving event).
Handlers of this event are permitted to make modifications to any document (including the active document), except for documents that are currently in read-only mode. 
Check the 'Status' property in event's argument to see whether the action itself was successful or not.
This event is not cancellable, for the process of saving document has already been finished.
The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 
  * [Close()()()()](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.md "Close Method") and similar overloads.
  * [Save()()()()](8dec13b6-71f4-45d2-74e3-b109153721b5.md "Save Method") .
  * [SaveAs(String)](25c44d4a-b220-5898-b28c-a2cf6a8a8673.md "SaveAs Method \(String\)") and similar overloads.

Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md "InvalidOperationException Class") will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.
# See Also
[ControlledApplication Class](35859972-2407-3910-cb07-bbb337e307e6.md "ControlledApplication Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md "Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 