# RenderScene Method (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
IDirectContext3DServer..::..RenderScene Method   
[IDirectContext3DServer Interface](7709521d-9954-ef80-1f13-3bc6ee660d5d.md "IDirectContext3DServer Interface") See Also  
---  
Performs rendering of the scene that the server creates. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.DirectContext3D](f4ba10f0-55ea-5344-173b-688405391794.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.DirectContext3D Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2018 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
void RenderScene(
	View dBView,
	DisplayStyle displayStyle
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Sub RenderScene ( _
	dBView As View, _
	displayStyle As DisplayStyle _
)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
void RenderScene(
	View^ dBView, 
	DisplayStyle displayStyle
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
dBView
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..View](fb92a4e7-f3a7-ef14-e631-342179b18de9.md "View Class") The view where rendering will occur. 
displayStyle
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..DisplayStyle](c12fdb48-6127-0e0e-0fdc-9f370beb74ca.md "DisplayStyle Enumeration") The display style of the view in which the submitted geometry will be drawn. 
# Remarks
The representation of geometry is in terms of a set of vertex and index buffers. The server can use facilities in Autodesk::Revit::DB::DirectContext3D::DrawContext to create the buffers and fill them with data that encode primitives such as triangles, lines, and points. The server can also adjust the geometry that it submits based on the argument to RenderScene() and in response to certain rendering parameters whose values are available through DrawContext (e.g., clip planes).
The final step in the process of submitting geometry for rendering is to call DrawContext::FlushBuffer() for the appropriate buffers.
This interface method may be called in a separate thread from the others.
# See Also
[IDirectContext3DServer Interface](7709521d-9954-ef80-1f13-3bc6ee660d5d.md "IDirectContext3DServer Interface")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.DirectContext3D Namespace](f4ba10f0-55ea-5344-173b-688405391794.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.DirectContext3D Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 