# GetResourceVersionStatus Method (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
IExternalResourceServer..::..GetResourceVersionStatus Method   
[IExternalResourceServer Interface](c2ad8eee-b358-012b-a09b-8fbc3229652d.md "IExternalResourceServer Interface") See Also  
---  
Implement this method to indicate whether the given version of a resource is the most current version of the data. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2015 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
ResourceVersionStatus GetResourceVersionStatus(
	ExternalResourceReference reference
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Function GetResourceVersionStatus ( _
	reference As ExternalResourceReference _
) As ResourceVersionStatus
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
ResourceVersionStatus GetResourceVersionStatus(
	ExternalResourceReference^ reference
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
reference
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ExternalResourceReference](ffad9c15-8fc9-fbfd-f328-101533f4cf74.md "ExternalResourceReference Class") The ExternalResourceReference to check. 
# ### Return Value
An enum indicating whether the resource is current, out of date, or of unknown status. 
# Remarks
If Revit already has a version of this resource loaded, Revit will invoke this method to check whether the resource's data will change if [LoadResource(Guid, ExternalResourceType, ExternalResourceReference, ExternalResourceLoadContext, ExternalResourceLoadContent)](f9e67f37-93dc-24a1-70f2-ea603a7719ab.md "LoadResource Method") is called. If this method returns ResourceVersionStatus.Current, then Revit will improve model performance by not calling [LoadResource(Guid, ExternalResourceType, ExternalResourceReference, ExternalResourceLoadContext, ExternalResourceLoadContent)](f9e67f37-93dc-24a1-70f2-ea603a7719ab.md "LoadResource Method").
Note that this method may also be invoked to determine the behavior of certain elements within the user interface. For example, it may be used to warn the user if they are about to execute certain expensive operations (such as printing) with an outdated version of this resource.
Servers which encounter errors should return ResourceVersionStatus.Unknown. Revit will reload resources whose version status is unknown, but will not display out-of-date warnings to the user on printing.
# See Also
[IExternalResourceServer Interface](c2ad8eee-b358-012b-a09b-8fbc3229652d.md "IExternalResourceServer Interface")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 