# RouteAnalysisSettings Class (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
RouteAnalysisSettings Class  
[Members](d35fb9d7-7316-a8af-2905-847921d5b7ef.md "RouteAnalysisSettings Members") See Also  
---  
RouteAnalysisSettings is an element which contains project-wide settings for route calculations. The PathOfTravel element uses these settings to calculate a route between two points in a plan view.
By default, the route will go around the geometry of all visible model elements which have model geometry in the Route Analysis Zone.
The Route Analysis Zone, determined per view, is the space between these two horizontal planes: a top plane vertically offset by [AnalysisZoneTopOffset](9fe08a3f-976f-223b-6350-2e2565d9a16e.md "AnalysisZoneTopOffset Property") above the view's level and a bottom plane vertically offset by [AnalysisZoneBottomOffset](81229c75-be84-5d5e-7d90-cb61e6d08018.md "AnalysisZoneBottomOffset Property") ft above the view's level.
By default, the route will ignore the following elements: 
  * elements outside of the crop region of the view;
  * elements without any model geometry (annotations or view-specific elements);
  * model lines (category OST_Lines);
  * demolished elements;
  * elements displayed in the underlay of the view.

There are a few ways to customize Route Analysis on a project-wide basis. 
You can adjust the Route Analysis Zone using [AnalysisZoneTopOffset](9fe08a3f-976f-223b-6350-2e2565d9a16e.md "AnalysisZoneTopOffset Property") and [AnalysisZoneBottomOffset](81229c75-be84-5d5e-7d90-cb61e6d08018.md "AnalysisZoneBottomOffset Property").
You can specify a set of model categories you would like ignored during route calculation. To enable ignoring the set of specified categories, set [EnableIgnoredCategoryIds](c146653a-ed81-ee52-7102-a6c2ad8a4d7c.md "EnableIgnoredCategoryIds Property") to true. To change the set of ignored categories, use SetIgnoredCategoryIds method and [IgnoreImports](e3ffa1dd-7e29-7607-7bb1-8851227978fc.md "IgnoreImports Property") and IgnorePointClouds properties. To query the set of ignored categories, use [GetIgnoredCategoryIds](e4115866-1e15-9b46-d783-7fc5786e88c5.md "GetIgnoredCategoryIds Method").
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2020 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class RouteAnalysisSettings : Element
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class RouteAnalysisSettings _
	Inherits Element
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class RouteAnalysisSettings : public Element
```
  
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md "Element Class") Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis..::..RouteAnalysisSettings
# See Also
[RouteAnalysisSettings Members](d35fb9d7-7316-a8af-2905-847921d5b7ef.md "RouteAnalysisSettings Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 