# ExternalResourceBrowserData Constructor (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
ExternalResourceBrowserData Constructor   
[ExternalResourceBrowserData Class](94a46450-5467-45f2-0228-4c9f9821b4c9.md "ExternalResourceBrowserData Class") See Also  
---  
Constructs a new ExternalResourceBrowserData using the given document(optional), server id, folder path and match options. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2015 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public ExternalResourceBrowserData(
	Document document,
	Guid serverId,
	string folderPath,
	ExternalResourceMatchOptions matchOptions
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Sub New ( _
	document As Document, _
	serverId As Guid, _
	folderPath As String, _
	matchOptions As ExternalResourceMatchOptions _
)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
ExternalResourceBrowserData(
	Document^ document, 
	Guid serverId, 
	String^ folderPath, 
	ExternalResourceMatchOptions^ matchOptions
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
document
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Document](db03274b-a107-aa32-9034-f3e0df4bb1ec.md "Document Class") The document for which the external resource browser data is requested. The document can be nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic), if so, the getCallingDocumentModelPath() will not return ModelPath. 
serverId
    Type: System..::..Guid The id of IExternalResourceServer which handles the external resource browsing and loading. 
folderPath
    Type: System..::..String The folder path to which the external resources and subfolders belong. 
The folder separator should always be "/" and "/" always represents the root folder for the server.
The interpretation of what a folder represents is up to the server. For example, the folder "/English/Keynote" might be a physical folder on a disk, or a table or key in a database.
matchOptions
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ExternalResourceMatchOptions](d13299cb-1886-2efe-6d97-1e4f7b73043e.md "ExternalResourceMatchOptions Class") The options to match the external resources and folders. 
Generally, the returned resources should match the options, otherwise the resource may be regarded as invalid which may not be available in browser dialogs.
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md "ArgumentNullException Class") | A non-optional argument was null |

# See Also
[ExternalResourceBrowserData Class](94a46450-5467-45f2-0228-4c9f9821b4c9.md "ExternalResourceBrowserData Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 