# WorksetConfiguration Class (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
WorksetConfiguration Class  
[Members](d3fa498f-5d2e-b5d0-5555-d373f289ebfc.md "WorksetConfiguration Members") See Also  
---  
A configuration class that is passed in to methods that open Revit documents to specify which user-created worksets are opened/closed. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)**Since:** 2014 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class WorksetConfiguration : IDisposable
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class WorksetConfiguration _
	Implements IDisposable
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class WorksetConfiguration : IDisposable
```
  
# Remarks
Once an instance of this class is created, it can be further modified by calling any of the other methods in any order. It is a specification of a setting for model open; the methods of this class just adjust the specification, and do not themselves open or close worksets. 
Only user-created worksets can be specified to be opened or closed. All system worksets are automatically open. An open workset allows its elements can be expanded and displayed. For a closed workset, Revit tries to not expand its elements, and to that end, does not display them. This is intended to help with performance by reducing Revit's memory footprint.
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..WorksetConfiguration
# See Also
[WorksetConfiguration Members](d3fa498f-5d2e-b5d0-5555-d373f289ebfc.md "WorksetConfiguration Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 