# Longitude Property (2023)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2023 API  
---  
SiteLocation..::..Longitude Property   
[SiteLocation Class](9d71159d-514c-c1b3-8673-5c0e7f28b688.md "SiteLocation Class") See Also  
---  
The longitude of the site location. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 23.0.0.0 (23.1.0.0)
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public double Longitude { get; set; }
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Property Longitude As Double
	Get
	Set
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
property double Longitude {
	double get ();
	void set (double value);
}
```
  
# ### Field Value
The longitude, in radians between -PI and PI. If the value is not between -PI and PI, it will be shifted by multiples of 2PI until it is in range. 
# Remarks
A property that contains the longitude of the site location. The value of this property is in radians between +PI and -PI. If the given value is not between -PI and PI, it will be shifted by multiples of 2PI until it is in range.
When setting this property: 
  1. Revit will attempt to match the coordinates to a city it knows about, and if a match is found, will set the name accordingly.
  2. Revit will attempt to automatically adjust the time zone value to match the new Longitude value set using [!:Autodesk::Revit::DB::SunAndShadowSettings::CalculateTimeZone]. For some boundary cases, the time zone calculated may not be correct. You can set the [TimeZone](6718329d-34ff-7d63-173a-c61905639807.md "TimeZone Property") property directly to the correct value if necessary. 
  3. Revit will attempt to automatically update the weather station associated with the coordinates. 

# See Also
[SiteLocation Class](9d71159d-514c-c1b3-8673-5c0e7f28b688.md "SiteLocation Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 