# DirectShapeLibrary Class (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
DirectShapeLibrary Class  
[Members](a37160c8-6f87-cdd4-e772-5ef618363edc.md "DirectShapeLibrary Members") See Also  
---  
DirectShapeLibrary is used to store pre-created geometry for further referencing via the definition/instance mechanism. It is not persistent: the scope of a library object is usually a single data creation session. DirectShape::createGeometryInstance and DirectShape::CreateElementInstance will use the current DirectShapeLibrary to look up the definitions. store a collection of GNodes as definition end class DirectShapeDefinition 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2015 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class DirectShapeLibrary : IDisposable
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class DirectShapeLibrary _
	Implements IDisposable
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class DirectShapeLibrary : IDisposable
```
  
# Remarks
There are two ways to add a definition to the library. The first is to add the definition as an array of geometry objects. A DirectShape created as an instance of that definition will hold a copy of predefined geometry, transformed as requested. If the definition was added as a DirectShapeType, a DirectShape object created as an instance of that definition will reference the type. Its geometry would be an instance of type geometry. 
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..DirectShapeLibrary
# See Also
[DirectShapeLibrary Members](a37160c8-6f87-cdd4-e772-5ef618363edc.md "DirectShapeLibrary Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 