# NumberType Property (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
Revision..::..NumberType Property   
[Revision Class](af882c60-68ae-2e53-5c41-7aa43cfc1df4.md "Revision Class") See Also  
---  
Indicates what number type the Revision Number for this Revision should use. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2015 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public RevisionNumberType NumberType { get; set; }
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Property NumberType As RevisionNumberType
	Get
	Set
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
property RevisionNumberType NumberType {
	RevisionNumberType get ();
	void set (RevisionNumberType value);
}
```
  
# Remarks
This property defines how the Revision Number (not including any user-specified prefix or suffix) will be assigned and displayed. 
  * RevisionNumberType.Numeric: Revision Numbers will be consecutive integers, starting by default with a value of 1. Alternatively, the starting value can be set to any non-negative value using the NumericRevisionSettings stored in the project-wide RevisionSettings.
  * RevisionNumberType.Alphabetic: This number type has been replaced by RevisionNumberType.Alphanumeric.
  * RevisionNumberType.None: The Revision Number will always be the empty string.
  * RevisionNumberType.Alphanumeric: The Revision Numbers will be taken consecutively from a list of arbitrary strings, specified in the AlphanumericRevisionSettings object stored in the project-wide RevisionSettings.

Revision numbers will always be assigned in revision sequence order. Any prefixes or suffixes specified in the NumericRevisionSettings and AlphanumericRevisionSettings will be prepended or appended respectively to the Revision Number assigned to the Revision. 
If the project contains a mix of Revision objects with different NumberTypes then the Revisions using a particular NumberType will always be assigned consecutive revision numbers. In other words, the first three numeric Revisions in the project will always be assigned revision numbers 1, 2, and 3, even if the revision sequence includes intervening Revisions that are alphabetic or not numbered.
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.md "ArgumentOutOfRangeException Class") | When setting this property: A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md "InvalidOperationException Class") | When setting this property: This operation cannot be performed on Revisions that have already been issued. |

# See Also
[Revision Class](af882c60-68ae-2e53-5c41-7aa43cfc1df4.md "Revision Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 