# Parameter Class (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
Parameter Class  
[Members](c0343d88-ea6f-f718-2828-7970c15e4a9e.md "Parameter Members") See Also  
---  
The parameter object contains the value data assigned to that parameter.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class Parameter : APIObject
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class Parameter _
	Inherits APIObject
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class Parameter : public APIObject
```
  
# Remarks
The piece of data contained within the parameter can be either a Double, Integer, String or ElementId. The parameter object can be retrieved from any Element object using either a built in id, definition object or shared parameter guid. All Elements within Autodesk Revit contain Parameters. These are options that can be accessed in a generic fashion. Revit contains many built in parameter types but users and now developers, via the API, can add their own parameters in the form of shared parameters. The developer should become familiar with the Revit user interface for added and managing parameters and shared parameters before using this API. The user interface components can be found in the following locations: Element Properties dialog, Shared Parameters dialog (available from the File menu), Project Parameters dialog (available from the Settings menu), Family Types dialog (available from the Settings menu when editing a family). There are several relationships between the objects that make up the APIs exposure of parameters. The parameter object contains the data value. Parameter objects can be retrieved from Elements if you know its built-in id, its definition or its shared parameter guid. Each parameter has a definition. New parameters can be added to Elements by adding a ParameterBinding object to the Document object.
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..APIObject](beb86ef5-39ad-3f0d-0cd9-0c929387a2bb.md "APIObject Class") Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Parameter
# See Also
[Parameter Members](c0343d88-ea6f-f718-2828-7970c15e4a9e.md "Parameter Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 