# Binding Class (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
Binding Class  
[Members](b1c7a878-996d-e49e-25e3-e6cf60d88576.md "Binding Members") See Also  
---  
Binding objects are used to take a parameter definition and bind it to one or more categories.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public abstract class Binding : APIObject
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public MustInherit Class Binding _
	Inherits APIObject
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class Binding abstract : public APIObject
```
  
# Remarks
This class is a base class for all types of parameter binding within Autodesk Revit. Once the binding objects are created and added to the document parameters will be added to elements in those categories specified in the binding. There are currently two types of binding available, Instance binding and Type binding. The key difference between the two is that the instance bound parameters appear on all instances of the elements in those categories. Changing the parameter on one does not affect the other instances of the parameter. The Type bound parameters appear only on the type object and is shared by all the instances that use that type. Changing the type bound parameter affects all instances of the elements that use that type. Note, a definition can only be bound to an instance or a type and not both.
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..APIObject](beb86ef5-39ad-3f0d-0cd9-0c929387a2bb.md "APIObject Class") Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Binding [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementBinding](15ebf308-364c-2bef-e91c-dd6552e5ccbe.md "ElementBinding Class")
# See Also
[Binding Members](b1c7a878-996d-e49e-25e3-e6cf60d88576.md "Binding Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 