# OpenAndActivateDocument Method (ModelPath, OpenOptions, Boolean, IOpenFromCloudCallback) (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
UIApplication..::..OpenAndActivateDocument Method (ModelPath, OpenOptions, Boolean, IOpenFromCloudCallback)  
[UIApplication Class](51ca80e2-3e5f-7dd2-9d95-f210950c72ae.md "UIApplication Class") See Also  
---  
Opens and activates a Revit document, include both local document or cloud document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md "Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2019 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public UIDocument OpenAndActivateDocument(
	ModelPath modelPath,
	OpenOptions openOptions,
	bool detachAndPrompt,
	IOpenFromCloudCallback openFromCloudCallback
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Function OpenAndActivateDocument ( _
	modelPath As ModelPath, _
	openOptions As OpenOptions, _
	detachAndPrompt As Boolean, _
	openFromCloudCallback As IOpenFromCloudCallback _
) As UIDocument
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
UIDocument^ OpenAndActivateDocument(
	ModelPath^ modelPath, 
	OpenOptions^ openOptions, 
	bool detachAndPrompt, 
	IOpenFromCloudCallback^ openFromCloudCallback
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
modelPath
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ModelPath](40a84c72-e4b8-72ac-2f71-3216c66a11b3.md "ModelPath Class") A path to a Revit file to be opened. The file can be either a Revit project, template, or family document. 
openOptions
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..OpenOptions](c0004971-3810-eeb8-72bd-e116886ec3c8.md "OpenOptions Class") Options for opening the file. 
detachAndPrompt
    Type: System..::..Boolean True means if openOptions specifies DoNotDetach, then for workshared models detach from central and query the user whether to preserve or discard worksets. make no sense when opening a cloud document. 
openFromCloudCallback
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..IOpenFromCloudCallback](266c8a04-c451-539d-8885-1626b131931d.md "IOpenFromCloudCallback Interface") Callback function that allow caller to handle cases when conflicts happen during opening a cloud document. Make no sense when opening a non-cloud document. 
# ### Return Value
The opened document. 
# Remarks
This method, if successful, changes the active document. It is not allowed to have an open transaction in the active document when calling this method. Consequently, this method can only be used in manual transaction mode, not in automatic mode. Additionally, this method may not be called from inside an event handler. 
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md "ArgumentException Class") | If DetachFromCentralOption is not DoNotDetach when opening a cloud document. |

  * If the active document is currently modifiable.
  * If an API event handler is currently being executed.

  
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md "ArgumentNullException Class")|  If nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) is passed as 'modelPath'. -or- If nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) is passed as 'openOptions'. -or- A non-optional argument was null   
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..CannotOpenBothCentralAndLocalException](13aac793-10be-9bed-90d8-5474a05f0fea.md "CannotOpenBothCentralAndLocalException Class")|  Cannot open the local model and the central model in the same Revit session. You can close one to open the other in the same Revit session.   
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..CentralModelAccessDeniedException](3e38b7b1-1ee8-c7f0-6cdd-bacf67bf61f4.md "CentralModelAccessDeniedException Class")|  Thrown when file is not found at the give path.   
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..CentralModelException](0e2ac15f-ca64-42c3-b3ef-e6f7ca1cb59a.md "CentralModelException Class")| 
  * Revit encountered serious errors while trying to open the central model.
  * An internal error happened on the central model, please contact the server administrator.

  
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..CorruptModelException](b1a877a7-6c68-c0e4-25c9-005ee153bc60.md "CorruptModelException Class")|  There are too many corrupt elements to open this model.   
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..FileAccessException](187d56d7-0b37-699f-2abd-6ddebfa93f1e.md "FileAccessException Class")| 
  * When file cannot be opened in Revit LT because it was last saved in a version of Revit prior to 8.1.
  * when file has an invalid extension. Try changing the file's extension and opening it again.

  
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..FileArgumentNotFoundException](ca9ccaa9-ed08-d40d-31a7-1af3ad2dcb84.md "FileArgumentNotFoundException Class")|  The file specified by 'modelPath' cannot be found or the given 'modelPath' is not a Revit file (a project, template, or family document).   
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InsufficientResourcesException](658e57bc-6929-4883-d245-dcd832fed696.md "InsufficientResourcesException Class")|  This computer does not have enough memory, disk space, or other necessary resource to open the model.   
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md "InvalidOperationException Class")|  The cloud model is not saved in current release of Revit. -or- 
  * The document can not be opened.
  * Open is temporarily disabled.
  * Revit cannot save the transmitted model as a new central because it is already opened.

  
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..OperationCanceledException](aea34480-ceb5-b49f-129d-0799e7bb1c21.md "OperationCanceledException Class")|  Opening was canceled by the user or by an API event callback.   
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..RevitServerCommunicationException](a0003d89-0113-6623-65da-0db5c568bfb6.md "RevitServerCommunicationException Class")|  If there is any server internal error.   
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..RevitServerUnauthenticatedUserException](b9b68e56-c767-4680-a65b-73d268ee8860.md "RevitServerUnauthenticatedUserException Class")|  User is not signed in with Autodesk id when trying to open a cloud model.   
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..RevitServerUnauthorizedException](9e8c1efc-8719-fe01-f311-cfade7b177ed.md "RevitServerUnauthorizedException Class")|  User is not authorized to access the cloud model.   
[Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..WrongUserException](e445bf18-84d1-83f2-6b24-45a6a6fe2bd9.md "WrongUserException Class")|  The local file is not owned by the current user, who therefore is not allowed to modify it.   
# See Also
[UIApplication Class](51ca80e2-3e5f-7dd2-9d95-f210950c72ae.md "UIApplication Class")
[OpenAndActivateDocument Overload](5018fbdb-e7c3-6e32-7ca3-ee5c20dbc56f.md "OpenAndActivateDocument Method")
[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md "Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 