# Intersect Method (Curve, IntersectionResultArray) (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
Curve..::..Intersect Method (Curve, IntersectionResultArray%)  
[Curve Class](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md "Curve Class") See Also  
---  
Calculates the intersection of this curve with the specified curve and returns the intersection results.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public SetComparisonResult Intersect(
	Curve curve,
	out IntersectionResultArray resultArray
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Function Intersect ( _
	curve As Curve, _
	<OutAttribute> ByRef resultArray As IntersectionResultArray _
) As SetComparisonResult
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
SetComparisonResult Intersect(
	Curve^ curve, 
	[OutAttribute] IntersectionResultArray^% resultArray
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
curve
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Curve](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md "Curve Class")The specified curve to intersect with this curve.
resultArray
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..IntersectionResultArray](4742c1e8-0566-73c6-de42-04d98a503dfc.md "IntersectionResultArray Class")%Provides more information about the intersection.
# ### Return Value
  * SetComparisonResult.Overlap - One or more intersections were encountered. The output argument has the details.
  * SetComparisonResult.Subset - The inputs are parallel lines with only one common intersection point, or the curve used to invoke the intersection check is a line entirely within the unbound line passed as argument curve. If the former, the output argument has the details of the intersection point.
  * SetComparisonResult.Superset - The input curve is entirely within the unbound line used to invoke the intersection check.
  * SetComparisonResult.Disjoint - There is no intersection found between the two curves.
  * SetComparisonResult.Equal - The two curves are identical.

# Remarks
The array of the intersection results contains one entry for each point where curves intersect. The following is the meaning of IntersectionResult members: 
  * XYZPoint is the evaluated intersection point
  * UVPoint.U is the unnormalized parameter on this curve (use ComputeNormalizedParameter to compute the normalized value).
  * UVPoint.V is the unnormalized parameter on the specified curve (use ComputeNormalizedParameter to compute the normalized value).

# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md "ArgumentNullException Class") | Thrown when the specified curve is nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic). |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md "InvalidOperationException Class") | Thrown when failed to calculate the intersection. |

# See Also
[Curve Class](400cc9b6-9ff7-de85-6fd8-c20002209d25.md "Curve Class")
[Intersect Overload](570fb842-cac3-83f5-1ab9-621e55186ead.md "Intersect Method")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 