# PreprocessFailures Method (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
IFailuresPreprocessor..::..PreprocessFailures Method   
[IFailuresPreprocessor Interface](053c6262-d958-b1b6-44b7-35d0d83b5a43.md "IFailuresPreprocessor Interface") See Also  
---  
This method is called when there have been failures found at the end of a transaction and Revit is about to start processing them. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2011 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
FailureProcessingResult PreprocessFailures(
	FailuresAccessor failuresAccessor
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Function PreprocessFailures ( _
	failuresAccessor As FailuresAccessor _
) As FailureProcessingResult
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
FailureProcessingResult PreprocessFailures(
	FailuresAccessor^ failuresAccessor
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
failuresAccessor
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..FailuresAccessor](dea68b06-a061-fc05-d814-db741f2e7f14.md "FailuresAccessor Class") The Interface class that provides access to the failure information. 
# ### Return Value
Notifies end of transaction code about further actions required. Return values are interpreted as follows: 
  * Continue - the failure processing will continue. Failures will be shown to the user, even if they were addressed by this method.
  * ProceedWithCommit - end of transaction checks and failure processing will restart from the beginning. If some failures were resolved here, they will be removed and not delivered to the user. ProceedWithCommit cannot be returned if transaction is being rolled back.
  * ProceedWithRollBack - the failure processing will continue. Failures will be shown to the user, but user will have no option to resolve or ignore them - only cancel option will be available. If intent is to roll back transaction without showing failures to the user, it can be achieved by setting failure handling option to remove failures before returning ProceedWithRollBack.

Other return values are not allowed. 
# See Also
[IFailuresPreprocessor Interface](053c6262-d958-b1b6-44b7-35d0d83b5a43.md "IFailuresPreprocessor Interface")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 