# SetMemberForces Method (Boolean, XYZ, XYZ) (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
AnalyticalModelStick..::..SetMemberForces Method (Boolean, XYZ, XYZ)  
[AnalyticalModelStick Class](f9554dde-c9c3-dbb5-d603-0b922bc51fd9.md "AnalyticalModelStick Class") See Also  
---  
Adds Member Forces to element. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2016 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public void SetMemberForces(
	bool start,
	XYZ force,
	XYZ moment
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Sub SetMemberForces ( _
	start As Boolean, _
	force As XYZ, _
	moment As XYZ _
)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
void SetMemberForces(
	bool start, 
	XYZ^ force, 
	XYZ^ moment
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
start
    Type: System..::..Boolean Member Forces position on analytical model stick element. True for start, false for end. 
force
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md "XYZ Class") The translational forces at specified position of the element. The x value of XYZ object represents force along x-axis of the analytical model coordinate system, y along y-axis, z along z-axis respectively. 
moment
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md "XYZ Class") The rotational forces at specified position of the element. The x value of XYZ object represents moment about x-axis of the analytical model coordinate system, y about y-axis, z about z-axis respectively. 
# Remarks
If element already have member forces defined for that end, newly provided values replace current one. Member forces are strictly related with releases. This means that setting member forces values is reasonable only for directions that have releases set to false. 
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md "ArgumentNullException Class") | A non-optional argument was null |

# See Also
[AnalyticalModelStick Class](f9554dde-c9c3-dbb5-d603-0b922bc51fd9.md "AnalyticalModelStick Class")
[SetMemberForces Overload](52216368-10c1-bd50-8395-1da9a104ae32.md "SetMemberForces Method")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 