# OnCurve Method (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
IExportContextBase..::..OnCurve Method   
[IExportContextBase Interface](6691ecd5-a88a-1f58-7a71-a8f6233b6c51.md "IExportContextBase Interface") See Also  
---  
This method is called when a Curve is being output. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
RenderNodeAction OnCurve(
	CurveNode node
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Function OnCurve ( _
	node As CurveNode _
) As RenderNodeAction
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
RenderNodeAction OnCurve(
	CurveNode^ node
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
node
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..CurveNode](f46bbf24-04d0-a4c0-f694-adb30f3db8ea.md "CurveNode Class") An output node that represents a Curve. 
# ### Return Value
Return RenderNodeAction.Proceed if you wish to receive tessellated geometry (line or polyline segments) for this curve, or otherwise return RenderNodeAction.Skip. 
Note for 2D export: if the export is performed for the view in non-Wireframe display style tesselated geometry will be output regardless of the return value.
# Remarks
Note that this method is invoked only if the custom exporter was set up to include geometric objects in the output stream. See [IncludeGeometricObjects](2ce1075e-380e-01e7-6459-b7467c2a2414.md "IncludeGeometricObjects Property") for mode details.
The curve can be one of the geometric object that derive from the Curve class, e.g. Line, Arc, NurbeSpline, etc. To get to the specific properties of the particular class, the curve obtained from the input node first needs to be cast accordingly depending on the curve's actual type. 
Note for 2D export: if the export is performed for the view in non-Wireframe display style this method will be called regardless of whether the object will be eventially output, i.e. even if it's occluded by another element.
# See Also
[IExportContextBase Interface](6691ecd5-a88a-1f58-7a71-a8f6233b6c51.md "IExportContextBase Interface")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 