# FormatOptions Class (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
FormatOptions Class  
[Members](4b317c87-727e-b8e9-3f0b-2b5479090fb7.md "FormatOptions Members") See Also  
---  
Options for formatting numbers with units. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2014 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class FormatOptions : IDisposable
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class FormatOptions _
	Implements IDisposable
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class FormatOptions : IDisposable
```
  
# Remarks
The FormatOptions class contains settings that control how to format numbers with units as strings. It contains those settings that are typically chosen by an end user in the Format dialog and stored in the document.
The FormatOptions class is used in two different ways. A FormatOptions object in the [Units](89d89465-897f-4105-b935-27edf67aab3e.md "Units Class") class represents the default settings for the document. A FormatOptions object used elsewhere represents settings that may optionally override the default settings.
The [UseDefault](e817be98-c824-0c22-bf5f-d293e67c8985.md "UseDefault Property") property controls whether a FormatOptions object represents default or custom formatting. If UseDefault is true, formatting will be according to the default settings in the Units class, and none of the other settings in the object are meaningful. If UseDefault is false, the object contains custom settings that override the default settings in the Units class. UseDefault is always false for FormatOptions objects in the Units class.
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..FormatOptions
# See Also
[FormatOptions Members](4b317c87-727e-b8e9-3f0b-2b5479090fb7.md "FormatOptions Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 