# IsNotLoadedIntoMultipleOpenDocuments Method (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
RevitLinkType..::..IsNotLoadedIntoMultipleOpenDocuments Method   
[RevitLinkType Class](2204a5ab-6476-df41-116d-23dbe3cb5407.md "RevitLinkType Class") See Also  
---  
Checks whether the link is loaded into more than one open document in this session of Revit. If the link is loaded into multiple open documents, reload will be disabled. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2014 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public bool IsNotLoadedIntoMultipleOpenDocuments()
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Function IsNotLoadedIntoMultipleOpenDocuments As Boolean
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
bool IsNotLoadedIntoMultipleOpenDocuments()
```
  
# ### Return Value
True if the link is loaded into at most one open document. False if the link is loaded into more than one open document. 
# Remarks
Revit can open several documents which contain the same link. If this is the case, Revit cannot reload the link, as doing so would make changes to a non-active document. You will need to close one or more documents in order to modify the link.
If the link is loaded into multiple documents across multiple sessions of Revit, this function will return true. We only check the current session of Revit. It is safe to reload a link which is loaded into multiple sessions, as long as it is not loaded into more than one document in any one session. 
If this function returns true, it is safe to reload the link.
# See Also
[RevitLinkType Class](2204a5ab-6476-df41-116d-23dbe3cb5407.md "RevitLinkType Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 