# InSessionPath Property (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
ExternalResourceReference..::..InSessionPath Property   
[ExternalResourceReference Class](ffad9c15-8fc9-fbfd-f328-101533f4cf74.md "ExternalResourceReference Class") See Also  
---  
The path stores the full display path which includes the server name plus the path provided by ExternalResourceServer.
The path that Revit will present for user recognizing and browsing to this resource during one session of Revit.
This property allows ExternalResourceServers to handle cases where the path to a resource may vary between Revit sessions. For example, if this ExternalResourceReference refers to a resource in a folder, this property can be used to store the current path of the resource. If the resource is moved to another folder later, the ExternalResourceServer could calculate the correct path for the resource from resource identification information when it is loaded and store it in this property, so that it will work correctly even if the rvt file is opened in a different location.
Do not rely on this path to look up an ExternalResourceReference, as the path is neither unique nor stable. It isn't unique because multiple servers might use the same server name and display name format. It isn't stable because some servers allow renaming, and because a server might change its name at some point.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2015 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public string InSessionPath { get; internal set; }
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Property InSessionPath As String
	Get
	Friend Set
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
property String^ InSessionPath {
	String^ get ();
	internal: void set (String^ value);
}
```
  
# See Also
[ExternalResourceReference Class](ffad9c15-8fc9-fbfd-f328-101533f4cf74.md "ExternalResourceReference Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 