# Type Property (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
EnergyAnalysisSurface..::..Type Property   
[EnergyAnalysisSurface Class](72ef40eb-20ae-d7ef-0ab5-8c52ddd4b813.md "EnergyAnalysisSurface Class") See Also  
---  
The gbXML surface type attribute. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2012 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public gbXMLSurfaceType Type { get; }
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public ReadOnly Property Type As gbXMLSurfaceType
	Get
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
property gbXMLSurfaceType Type {
	gbXMLSurfaceType get ();
}
```
  
# Remarks
The type of surface is figured out depending on the source element and the number of space adjacencies. 
  * If there is no associate source element and no space adjacencies, it will have a type of Shade. If there are any space adjacencies, it will have a type of Air. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of ExteriorWall. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of InteriorWall. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and the type Function parameter is set to "Interior" or "CoreShaft", it will have a type of InteriorWall. 
  * If the source element is a Wall or a Curtain Wall and have one space adjacency and if it is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundWall. 
  * If the source element is a Floor and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of SlabOnGrade. If the source element is above grade, it will have a type of RaisedFloor. If the source element is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundSlab. 
  * If the source element is a Floor and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of InteriorFloor. 
  * If the source element is a Floor and the type Function parameter is set to "Interior", it will have a type of InteriorFloor. 
  * If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have one space adjacency, it will have a type of Roof. 
  * If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have one space adjacency and is below grade, it will have a type of UndergroundCeiling. 
  * If the source element is a Roof or a Ceiling and have two space adjacencies, it will have a type of Ceiling. 

# See Also
[EnergyAnalysisSurface Class](72ef40eb-20ae-d7ef-0ab5-8c52ddd4b813.md "EnergyAnalysisSurface Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace](958e2e12-587d-f188-5d7b-f13d7dbfdf48.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Analysis Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 