# ColorFillScheme Class (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
ColorFillScheme Class  
[Members](84fa2422-2777-e09e-f438-84976b7c8390.md "ColorFillScheme Members") See Also  
---  
Represents a color scheme could be used to colorfy elements in floor plan views and section views. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2022 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class ColorFillScheme : Element
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class ColorFillScheme _
	Inherits Element
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class ColorFillScheme : public Element
```
  
# Remarks
A color scheme is based on element category and one of the category parameter, it contains a set of [ColorFillSchemeEntry](065ddef3-065a-8bd5-9d34-4d2efd126e43.md "ColorFillSchemeEntry Class") which stores parameter value, color, fill pattern and other entry data. The entry paramater values may be a range or a single value, based on the [IsByRange](2e6a3c32-a3f8-a6dd-6552-7ba7a901d9fb.md "IsByRange Property") property. Then elements with the specified category could be colored with the color and fill pattern of matching entry whose parameter value or value range matches the element parameter value.
You can retrieve the entries with [GetEntries()()()()](bb3b650c-2718-28b7-c4bb-be3f80fb3e32.md "GetEntries Method"), or modify entries with [AddEntry(ColorFillSchemeEntry)](8c7f6d04-66ab-19ef-d00c-445aa4570f82.md "AddEntry Method"), [RemoveEntry(ColorFillSchemeEntry)](e7441d50-0e17-21be-8ff6-aadadacad417.md "RemoveEntry Method"), [UpdateEntry(ColorFillSchemeEntry)](47fece43-de9a-e343-62be-e6907c584933.md "UpdateEntry Method") and [M:Autodesk.Revit.DB.ColorFillScheme.SetEntries(System.Collections.Generic.IList`1{Autodesk.Revit.DB.ColorFillSchemeEntry})].
Unlike most of the other elements, the color scheme works in an "asynchronous" way in UI:
  1. If document elements change, the color scheme will not be updated immediately.
  2. If color schemes changes, the document elements will not be updated immediately too.

API works slightly different with UI:
  1. [GetEntries()()()()](bb3b650c-2718-28b7-c4bb-be3f80fb3e32.md "GetEntries Method") will return the entries corresponding to the latest document elements status immediately.
  2. The entries modification operation will retrieve the latest entries with [GetEntries()()()()](bb3b650c-2718-28b7-c4bb-be3f80fb3e32.md "GetEntries Method") at first, and then modify those entries by request, but document elements will still not be updated immediately.
  3. To modify multiple entries, it's better to use [M:Autodesk.Revit.DB.ColorFillScheme.SetEntries(System.Collections.Generic.IList`1{Autodesk.Revit.DB.ColorFillSchemeEntry})] but not modify them one by one with other methods for better performance.

Notes:
  * To apply a color scheme whose [CategoryId](7f1d0a3c-4194-f165-0203-5aba9431a1b8.md "CategoryId Property") property is OST_Areas to an area plan view, the [AreaSchemeId](e24d76dd-38fb-c951-7ae4-d10101b4981b.md "AreaSchemeId Property") property must be the same as the view if it is not used as a template. 
  * To generate a new color scheme, you have to use [Duplicate(String)](095596ae-d215-bf22-ccfa-fae85109d1a0.md "Duplicate Method") method to duplicate form an existing one.
  * There should not exist two entries values that are the same in a color scheme. if the [StorageType](41c8e61c-fa40-0d69-9c5c-d955baaddbf5.md "StorageType Property") property is Double, then the value accuracy should be based on [FormatOptions](70f78207-1109-3906-8e67-cd27df1f0ae8.md "FormatOptions Class") property.

# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..Element](eb16114f-69ea-f4de-0d0d-f7388b105a16.md "Element Class") Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ColorFillScheme
# See Also
[ColorFillScheme Members](84fa2422-2777-e09e-f438-84976b7c8390.md "ColorFillScheme Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 