# FromRoom Property (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
FamilyInstance..::..FromRoom Property   
[FamilyInstance Class](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.md "FamilyInstance Class") See Also  
---  
The "From Room" set for the door or window in the last phase of the project.
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public Room FromRoom { get; }
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public ReadOnly Property FromRoom As Room
	Get
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
property Room^ FromRoom {
	Room^ get ();
}
```
  
# ### Field Value
The "From Room" set for the door or window in the last phase of the project. nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) if the FamilyInstance is neither a door nor a window, or if the door or window leads to a space where there is no room (an exterior space or interior space with no room defined). Also nullNothingnullptra null reference (Nothing in Visual Basic) if there is no target room assigned to the last phase.
# Remarks
Revit automatically calculates the "From Room" for a given door or window. This is the default shown when creating a door or window schedule and adding the "From Room" properties. The user can opt to swap the "From Room" and "To Room" values via the schedule if they choose. The method [FlipFromToRoom()()()()](ae1158c1-1fb0-0558-0ea4-e1cf76bb8a1e.md "FlipFromToRoom Method") also can be used to swap the values.
# See Also
[FamilyInstance Class](0d2231f8-91e6-794f-92ae-16aad8014b27.md "FamilyInstance Class")
[FromRoom Overload](2b41a232-8cc9-e2bf-8e47-dd95eaf25275.md "FromRoom Property")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 