# FileOpenDialog Class (2022)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2022 API  
---  
FileOpenDialog Class  
[Members](81198276-fae1-c22e-a3f6-fc9d60a69f58.md "FileOpenDialog Members") See Also  
---  
This class allows an add-in to prompt the user with the Revit dialog used to navigate to and select an existing file path. This dialog is typically used to select a file for opening or importing. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.UI](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md "Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPIUI (in RevitAPIUI.dll) Version: 22.0.0.0 (22.1.0.0)**Since:** 2017 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class FileOpenDialog : FileDialog
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class FileOpenDialog _
	Inherits FileDialog
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class FileOpenDialog : public FileDialog
```
  
# Remarks
The behavior and appearance of this dialog matches the Revit "Open" dialog. This is a general-purpose dialog for opening any given file type, and options to configure settings like worksharing options will not be included.
The user will be prompted to select an existing file that matches one of the provided filters. The user may not enter a file name that does not exist.
The folder location shown when the dialog is displayed defaults to the most recently used file location for opening or importing.
Use of this dialog does not actually open an existing file, but it will provide the selected file path back to the caller to take any action necessary.
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.UI..::..FileDialog](99bb6529-12de-a126-50f7-39346dd5b48d.md "FileDialog Class") Autodesk.Revit.UI..::..FileOpenDialog
# See Also
[FileOpenDialog Members](81198276-fae1-c22e-a3f6-fc9d60a69f58.md "FileOpenDialog Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace](e86fd90a-8957-02a6-da7f-ced248966e3e.md "Autodesk.Revit.UI Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 