# ViewExporting Event (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
Application..::..ViewExporting Event  
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.md "Application Class") See Also  
---  
Subscribe to the ViewExporting event to be notified when Revit is just about to export a view of the document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md "Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2018 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public event EventHandler<ViewExportingEventArgs> ViewExporting
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Event ViewExporting As EventHandler(Of ViewExportingEventArgs)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
 event EventHandler<ViewExportingEventArgs^>^ ViewExporting {
	void add (EventHandler<ViewExportingEventArgs^>^ value);
	void remove (EventHandler<ViewExportingEventArgs^>^ value);
}
```
  
# Remarks
This event is raised when Revit is just about to export a view of the document. It is raised only during accelerated export jobs, in which views are exported in parallel using a background process. Accelerated export only occurs when exporting to DWF formats and not combining views into a single file.
Handlers of this event are permitted to make modifications to any document (including the active document), except for documents that are currently in read-only mode. 
Event is not cancellable. The 'Cancellable' property of event's argument is always False.
The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 
  * All overloads of Autodesk.Revit.DB.Document.Export()
  * Autodesk.Revit.DB.Document.Print()
  * [Print()()()()](1ea1e825-8044-7a27-d9b9-ca463443c3b9.md "Print Method") and similar overloads.
  * [SubmitPrint()()()()](0c9524b7-33b5-8c76-2843-c7024f03e4d7.md "SubmitPrint Method") and similar overloads.
  * [Close()()()()](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.md "Close Method") and similar overloads.
  * [Save()()()()](8dec13b6-71f4-45d2-74e3-b109153721b5.md "Save Method") .
  * [SaveAs(String)](25c44d4a-b220-5898-b28c-a2cf6a8a8673.md "SaveAs Method \(String\)") and similar overloads.

Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md "InvalidOperationException Class") will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.
Another event [ViewExported](0a3d3bee-957a-45e0-3779-b1b924a0ce0f.md "ViewExported Event") will be raised immediately after view exporting is finished.
# See Also
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.md "Application Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md "Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 