# IsItemized Property (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
ScheduleDefinition..::..IsItemized Property   
[ScheduleDefinition Class](420696e3-f3ec-1a1d-1205-36a8119d81e5.md "ScheduleDefinition Class") See Also  
---  
Indicates if the schedule displays each element on a separate row or combines multiple grouped elements onto the same row. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2013 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public bool IsItemized { get; set; }
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Property IsItemized As Boolean
	Get
	Set
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
property bool IsItemized {
	bool get ();
	void set (bool value);
}
```
  
# ### Field Value
True if the schedule displays each element on a separate row. False if multiple grouped elements are combined on the same row. 
# Remarks
In an itemized schedule, each scheduled element is displayed on a separate row.
In a non-itemized schedule, elements that are grouped together according to the schedule's grouping criteria are combined onto a single row. For example, if a schedule is grouped by Level and Type, elements having the same Level and Type will appear on the same row. In non-itemized schedules, the Count field can be used to display the number of elements on the row, and totaled fields will display the sum of the values from all elements on the row. If a field is not totaled and the elements on the row have different values for the field, an empty cell will be displayed.
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md "InvalidOperationException Class") | When setting this property: This ScheduleDefinition is a key schedule. |

# See Also
[ScheduleDefinition Class](420696e3-f3ec-1a1d-1205-36a8119d81e5.md "ScheduleDefinition Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 