# CheckDefaultParameterValues Method (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
RebarShapeDefinition..::..CheckDefaultParameterValues Method   
[RebarShapeDefinition Class](bb1f59be-c95e-a45b-8d2b-8121df179676.md "RebarShapeDefinition Class") See Also  
---  
Check that the shape can be solved with the default parameter values. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2009 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public bool CheckDefaultParameterValues(
	double bendRadius,
	double barDiameter
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Function CheckDefaultParameterValues ( _
	bendRadius As Double, _
	barDiameter As Double _
) As Boolean
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
bool CheckDefaultParameterValues(
	double bendRadius, 
	double barDiameter
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
bendRadius
    Type: System..::..Double A value for the Bend Radius parameter. Zero is allowed. 
barDiameter
    Type: System..::..Double A value for the Bar Diameter parameter. Zero is allowed. 
# ### Return Value
True if the rebar can be solved with the default parameter values and the given bend radius and bar diameter; false if it cannot. 
# Remarks
This function runs the rebar solver with the default parameter values. If it fails (returns false), rebar instances of this shape will not work. This may be from the default parameters being inconsistent, or from some error in the shape definition. The solver requires a specific bend radius and bar diameter, and the result depends on these values, but in practice they usually do not affect the result of this function as long as they are small. It is legal to pass 0.0 for both arguments. The definition must be Complete in order for this function to succeed. 
# See Also
[RebarShapeDefinition Class](bb1f59be-c95e-a45b-8d2b-8121df179676.md "RebarShapeDefinition Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace](d586b341-f687-9d90-e96d-255806b7d4fc.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.Structure Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 