# ExecuteService Method (Guid, Guid, IExternalData) (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
ExternalServiceRegistry..::..ExecuteService Method (Guid, Guid, IExternalData)  
[ExternalServiceRegistry Class](fa14442f-3d47-2c21-467c-6d19e4cc0d9e.md "ExternalServiceRegistry Class") See Also  
---  
Execute the service by the given server. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2013 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public static ExternalServiceResult ExecuteService(
	Guid executionKey,
	Guid serverId,
	IExternalData data
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Shared Function ExecuteService ( _
	executionKey As Guid, _
	serverId As Guid, _
	data As IExternalData _
) As ExternalServiceResult
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
static ExternalServiceResult ExecuteService(
	Guid executionKey, 
	Guid serverId, 
	IExternalData^ data
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
executionKey
    Type: System..::..Guid Access key of the service to be executed. The key is not the same as the service's Id. It is the value that was returned to the caller who registered the service. 
serverId
    Type: System..::..Guid the specific server to execute 
data
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService..::..IExternalData](d4f0854f-3b67-c60e-1696-8cffbaba065a.md "IExternalData Interface") The associated data. The type must be of the class defined by the service. 
# ### Return Value
The result of executing the external service. 
# Remarks
Execution of a service should be invoked only by the application that registered the service. The execution will use the given server. 
The serverId must be of a valid server that is currently registered for the service, ArgumentException be thrown if it is not available. 
Because this method executes an explicitly specified server regardless of what other servers are currently active, it can only be invoked for a service that is not set as being recordable. 
Plese also note that this method does not have any effect on active servers currently set for the service. 
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md "ArgumentNullException Class") | A non-optional argument was null |

# See Also
[ExternalServiceRegistry Class](fa14442f-3d47-2c21-467c-6d19e4cc0d9e.md "ExternalServiceRegistry Class")
[ExecuteService Overload](441ae935-fa59-aa1e-23ba-57e334974c7f.md "ExecuteService Method")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 