# ElementIntersectsElementFilter Class (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
ElementIntersectsElementFilter Class  
[Members](98b42df6-b0a6-87f4-e186-da06ef64ba61.md "ElementIntersectsElementFilter Members") See Also  
---  
A filter to find elements that intersect the solid geometry of a given element. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2012 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class ElementIntersectsElementFilter : ElementIntersectsFilter
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class ElementIntersectsElementFilter _
	Inherits ElementIntersectsFilter
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class ElementIntersectsElementFilter : public ElementIntersectsFilter
```
  
# Remarks
The target object is another element. The intersection is determined with the same logic used by Revit to determine if an interference exists during generation of an Interference Report. (This means that some combinations of elements will never be detected as intersecting by this filter, such as concrete members which are automatically joined at their intersections). Also, elements which have no solid geometry, such as Rebar, will never be detected as intersecting by this filter.
This filter is a slow filter. Slow filters require that the Element be obtained and expanded in memory first. Thus it is preferable to couple this filter with at least one ElementQuickFilter, which should minimize the number of Elements that are expanded.
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementFilter](b8b46cbf-9ecc-0745-ec53-c3c3b6510113.md "ElementFilter Class") [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementSlowFilter](e06b1e14-dd8d-8137-74ac-8ac4929eee85.md "ElementSlowFilter Class") [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementIntersectsFilter](b9e3bdcb-e85a-832d-0f51-312b3fd91cff.md "ElementIntersectsFilter Class") Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementIntersectsElementFilter
# See Also
[ElementIntersectsElementFilter Members](98b42df6-b0a6-87f4-e186-da06ef64ba61.md "ElementIntersectsElementFilter Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 