# ReadPoints Method (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
IPointCloudAccess..::..ReadPoints Method   
[IPointCloudAccess Interface](d5e8d1d7-9375-ce6b-ff4f-6d4764c92736.md "IPointCloudAccess Interface") See Also  
---  
Implement this method so that on successive invocations it will return distinct subsets of points which meet the criterion. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds](5974062a-47d4-c7bb-16f2-d5dd193bd170.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2012 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
int ReadPoints(
	PointCloudFilter rFilter,
	ElementId viewId,
	IntPtr buffer,
	int nBufferSize
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Function ReadPoints ( _
	rFilter As PointCloudFilter, _
	viewId As ElementId, _
	buffer As IntPtr, _
	nBufferSize As Integer _
) As Integer
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
int ReadPoints(
	PointCloudFilter^ rFilter, 
	ElementId^ viewId, 
	IntPtr buffer, 
	int nBufferSize
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
rFilter
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds..::..PointCloudFilter](ca6f916b-2eba-f8e5-8939-1c063330c886.md "PointCloudFilter Class") The filter used to process cloud points and determine which ones lie with the target volume. 
viewId
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md "ElementId Class") The view id for the current view passed as auxiliary information to allow the engine to optimize retrieval of points. If viewId == InvalidElementId, the query is not for a view display operation. 
buffer
    Type: System..::..IntPtr Memory buffer into which the points should be written. The buffer was allocated by Revit and it is guaranteed to be valid for the duration of the call. 
nBufferSize
    Type: System..::..Int32 The maximum number of CloudPoint objects that may be copied into the buffer. 
# ### Return Value
The actual number of CloudPoint objects placed in the buffer (can be less than the length of the buffer). If there are no points available that match the filter criteria, return 0. 
# See Also
[IPointCloudAccess Interface](d5e8d1d7-9375-ce6b-ff4f-6d4764c92736.md "IPointCloudAccess Interface")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds Namespace](5974062a-47d4-c7bb-16f2-d5dd193bd170.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 