# RegisterService Method (IMultiServerService, ExternalServiceOptions, ExecutionPolicy) (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
ExternalServiceRegistry..::..RegisterService Method (IMultiServerService, ExternalServiceOptions, ExecutionPolicy)  
[ExternalServiceRegistry Class](fa14442f-3d47-2c21-467c-6d19e4cc0d9e.md "ExternalServiceRegistry Class") See Also  
---  
A method to register a multi-server service. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public static Guid RegisterService(
	IMultiServerService service,
	ExternalServiceOptions options,
	ExecutionPolicy policy
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Shared Function RegisterService ( _
	service As IMultiServerService, _
	options As ExternalServiceOptions, _
	policy As ExecutionPolicy _
) As Guid
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
static Guid RegisterService(
	IMultiServerService^ service, 
	ExternalServiceOptions^ options, 
	ExecutionPolicy policy
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
service
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService..::..IMultiServerService](9704c8c0-2095-37e7-f17c-56d27ff44ed6.md "IMultiServerService Interface") An instance of the external service class that implements IMultiServerService interface. 
options
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService..::..ExternalServiceOptions](80467d42-3f13-de3e-cd06-bf3b43afefe0.md "ExternalServiceOptions Class") Optional settings to control the service's behavior. 
policy
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService..::..ExecutionPolicy](5234000e-cf74-d7aa-85ff-dcfbed63434b.md "ExecutionPolicy Enumeration") Specifies how the service handles servers during its execution. 
# ### Return Value
An execution key to access the service when executing it. 
# Remarks
Each service can only be registered once. Revit checks the Id of every service getting registered and throws an exception upon an attempt to register a service with an Id that already exists. 
Services need to be registered before Revit ends its initialization. For external applications that means they have to register their services during OnStartup. This will give servers which need to register to services a chance to do so during the ApplicationInitialized event, which is raised after a successfully processing OnStartup routines. 
A service can be registered as either recordable or non-recordable. It is expected that a service that is once registered as recordable will always be registered as recordable. Failure to comply with this policy may lead to data loss in some documents when they are opened in a Revit session with the service currently registered as non-recordable. 
An application registering a service must specify a policy to follow when executing the service. Once set, the policy remain constant during the Revit session, but a different policy may be used next time, if there is ever a need for such a change. More about the various execution policies can be found in the description of the ExecutionPolicy enumerated type. 
A service is supposed to be executed only by the application that registered it. To enforce this requirement, the registering method return an execution key (a Guid) that is required as an argument to ExecuteService methods. If the owner of a service allows executing it by anyone, it needs to register it as a public service (via the option argument). Once registered as public, The access key of the service can be obtained by any application, thus it can also be executed by any application. By default, a service is registered as private. 
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentException](2e6e4206-97a8-dd4b-df5d-4269f4bb6088.md "ArgumentException Class") | The given service is not a valid implementation of ISingleServerService. -or- The given service does not return valid values from the interface methods. At least one of the Name, VendorId, Description, and ServiceId is either empty or invalid. -or- A service with this Id is either invalid or not unique. |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md "ArgumentNullException Class") | A non-optional argument was null |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentOutOfRangeException](60f148c9-ece0-a6bb-4e12-bb4a9c8c8a24.md "ArgumentOutOfRangeException Class") | A value passed for an enumeration argument is not a member of that enumeration |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md "InvalidOperationException Class") | Service cannot be registered because the registry of services has been already closed. All external services must be registered before the ApplicationInitialized event is raised. |

# See Also
[ExternalServiceRegistry Class](fa14442f-3d47-2c21-467c-6d19e4cc0d9e.md "ExternalServiceRegistry Class")
[RegisterService Overload](6d690a5d-62c5-958c-842e-620a49421c1c.md "RegisterService Method")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace](a88f2d1d-c02f-a901-9543-44e4b5dd5fc9.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.ExternalService Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 