# TessellatedFace Constructor (IList(IList(XYZ)), ElementId) (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
TessellatedFace Constructor (IList<(Of <(<'IList<(Of <(<'XYZ>)>)>>)>)>, ElementId)  
[TessellatedFace Class](6b007c37-6c87-50c5-8cf3-c3c68aa130ae.md "TessellatedFace Class") See Also  
---  
Constructs a tessellated face, which, may be, have holes. Face data is always set, even if the input data are invalid (e.g., describes a wildly non-planar face). A TessellatedShepeBuilder's function is used to check the data and heal them if possible. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2015 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public TessellatedFace(
	IList<IList<XYZ>> allLoopVertices,
	ElementId materialId
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Sub New ( _
	allLoopVertices As IList(Of IList(Of XYZ)), _
	materialId As ElementId _
)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
TessellatedFace(
	IList<IList<XYZ^>^>^ allLoopVertices, 
	ElementId^ materialId
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
allLoopVertices
    Type: System.Collections.Generic..::..IList<(Of <(<'IList<(Of <(<'[XYZ](c2fd995c-95c0-58fb-f5de-f3246cbc5600.md "XYZ Class")>)>)>>)>)> Boundary vertices without duplication of the ends - i.e., a boundary of a triangular face consists of 3 (and NOT 4) vertices. The first array describes the outer loop, the following arrays, if any - inner loops. It is expected that vertices of outer boundary are listed in CCW order with respect to the face normal in the solid, while the vertices of inner loops - in CW order. The vertices listed in the wrong order will still be handled by TessellatedShapeBuilder, but performance may deteriorate. Contents of this parameter will be changed while constructing the face. 
materialId
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md "ElementId Class") Material of the face to be used when the result is a Solid or a Sheet. If the result is a Mesh, a material will be assigned to the entire Mesh. 
# Exceptions
| Exception | Condition |
| --- | --- |
| --- | --- |
| [Autodesk.Revit.Exceptions..::..ArgumentNullException](631e1424-60f4-929b-4e52-dda9dcd26316.md "ArgumentNullException Class") | A non-optional argument was null |

# See Also
[TessellatedFace Class](6b007c37-6c87-50c5-8cf3-c3c68aa130ae.md "TessellatedFace Class")
[TessellatedFace Overload](915c466c-4dfa-15e6-6267-72fea11af27d.md "TessellatedFace Constructor")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 