# RepeatingReferenceSource Class (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
RepeatingReferenceSource Class  
[Members](517ee1d4-f174-6401-d8fc-59739e1c92f9.md "RepeatingReferenceSource Members") See Also  
---  
Represents a collection of repeating references. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2014 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public class RepeatingReferenceSource : IDisposable
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Class RepeatingReferenceSource _
	Implements IDisposable
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public ref class RepeatingReferenceSource : IDisposable
```
  
# Remarks
The RepeatingReferenceSource class is the building block for setting up component repeaters. Repeating references are arranged in zero, one or two dimensional arrays. The RepeatingReferenceSource class represents this array of references and provides access to individual repeating references. 
Note that there may be gaps in the array (for example a repeating reference source formed by a divided surface with holes, or is non-rectangular surface.) 
Repeating reference sources are a property of an element. Only point elements, divided paths and divided surface elements support repeating reference sources. These element respectively have 0, 1 and 2 dimensional repeating references. Use the HasRepeatingReferenceSource() method to query whether an element supports repeating reference sources and the GetDefaultRepeatingReferenceSource() method to obtain a repeating reference source from a given element. 
See the [ComponentRepeater](27dbc5bd-40e7-c044-11e6-7053adf92c6f.md "ComponentRepeater Class") and [ComponentRepeaterSlot](395d3527-1315-038e-8a47-80920f063cc6.md "ComponentRepeaterSlot Class") classes for more information. 
# Inheritance Hierarchy
System..::..Object Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..RepeatingReferenceSource
# See Also
[RepeatingReferenceSource Members](517ee1d4-f174-6401-d8fc-59739e1c92f9.md "RepeatingReferenceSource Members")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace](87546ba7-461b-c646-cbb1-2cb8f5bff8b2.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 