# CreatePointSetIterator Method (PointCloudFilter, Double, ElementId) (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
IPointCloudAccess..::..CreatePointSetIterator Method (PointCloudFilter, Double, ElementId)  
[IPointCloudAccess Interface](d5e8d1d7-9375-ce6b-ff4f-6d4764c92736.md "IPointCloudAccess Interface") See Also  
---  
Implement this method to return an iterator for iterating over blocks of this point cloud. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds](5974062a-47d4-c7bb-16f2-d5dd193bd170.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2013 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
IPointSetIterator CreatePointSetIterator(
	PointCloudFilter rFilter,
	double density,
	ElementId viewId
)
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Function CreatePointSetIterator ( _
	rFilter As PointCloudFilter, _
	density As Double, _
	viewId As ElementId _
) As IPointSetIterator
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
IPointSetIterator^ CreatePointSetIterator(
	PointCloudFilter^ rFilter, 
	double density, 
	ElementId^ viewId
)
```
  
# ### Parameters
rFilter
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds..::..PointCloudFilter](ca6f916b-2eba-f8e5-8939-1c063330c886.md "PointCloudFilter Class") The filter used to process cloud points and determine which ones lie with the target volume. 
density
    Type: System..::..Double Desired number of points per unit area. Area is computed in native units of the point cloud. Another iterator, created with the same density and a more restrictive filter, should return a subset of the points returned by this iterator. 
viewId
    Type: [Autodesk.Revit.DB..::..ElementId](44f3f7b1-3229-3404-93c9-dc5e70337dd6.md "ElementId Class") The view id for the current view passed as auxiliary information to allow the engine to optimize retrieval of points. If viewId == InvalidElementId, the query is not for a view display operation. 
# ### Return Value
The newly created iterator. 
# See Also
[IPointCloudAccess Interface](d5e8d1d7-9375-ce6b-ff4f-6d4764c92736.md "IPointCloudAccess Interface")
[CreatePointSetIterator Overload](9e53e476-6f82-0947-b4cc-95063c0e95b0.md "CreatePointSetIterator Method")
[Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds Namespace](5974062a-47d4-c7bb-16f2-d5dd193bd170.md "Autodesk.Revit.DB.PointClouds Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 