# DocumentClosing Event (2024)

﻿
 Code: All Code: Multiple Code: C# Code: Visual Basic Code: Visual C++   
---  
C#Visual BasicVisual C++
Revit 2024 API  
---  
Application..::..DocumentClosing Event  
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.md "Application Class") See Also  
---  
Subscribe to the DocumentClosing event to be notified when Revit is just about to close a document. 
**Namespace:** [Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md "Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace")**Assembly:** RevitAPI (in RevitAPI.dll) Version: 24.0.0.0 (24.0.0.0)**Since:** 2010 
# Syntax
C#  
---  
```text
public event EventHandler<DocumentClosingEventArgs> DocumentClosing
```
  
Visual Basic  
---  
```text
Public Event DocumentClosing As EventHandler(Of DocumentClosingEventArgs)
```
  
Visual C++  
---  
```text
public:
 event EventHandler<DocumentClosingEventArgs^>^ DocumentClosing {
	void add (EventHandler<DocumentClosingEventArgs^>^ value);
	void remove (EventHandler<DocumentClosingEventArgs^>^ value);
}
```
  
# Remarks
This event is raised when Revit is just about to close a document.
This event is cancellable, except when it is raised as part of application closing. Check the 'Cancellable' property of event's argument to see whether it is cancellable or not. When it is cancellable, call the 'Cancel()' method of event's argument to True to cancel it. Your application is responsible for providing feedback to the user about the reason for the cancellation.
The document may not be modified during this event.
The following API functions are not available for the current document during this event: 
  * [Close()()()()](da2f27b9-7255-4950-82a2-86e1432ff9f0.md "Close Method") and similar overloads.

Exception [InvalidOperationException](9e715f03-3884-e539-4dd6-8d7545733adc.md "InvalidOperationException Class") will be thrown if any of the above methods is called during this event.
An [DocumentClosed](d6c0ea53-175c-75b5-4e0e-9b3d5ba92f06.md "DocumentClosed Event") event will be raised immediately after document is closed.
# See Also
[Application Class](94db8ea8-d2c3-5e71-8030-466bcb8e4426.md "Application Class")
[Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace](91957e18-2935-006c-83ab-3b5b9dbb5928.md "Autodesk.Revit.ApplicationServices Namespace")
Send comments on this topic to 